Is the sentence 'rogergoldleader that s so exciting have you discovered any new features on windows 10 that have caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2018-0011.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms up to 2.3.4 reset your password username email cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to darryl_macleod artdecotech wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update matrix-synapse opensuse-2018-654 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass in jung' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'real design sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service epiphany web browser version 3.28.1 suffers from a deni' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi warns healthcare industry of ftp attacks the cyber division of the u.s federal bureau of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simonzerafa i m still dubious about anything that runs on web browsers but there s a potentially nice solution wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sfwarriorsfan yay have you been using windows for long' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peliasbm that is a forum reply by the theme author of an wordpress theme that reply is not by a employee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papa_zane right on are you using windows to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zemlin automotive grade linux is now rolling in millions of production vehicles worldwide ossummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officescan xg 11.0 unauthorized change prevention bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2003-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamiefeedback thanks for your suggestion we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash exploit found in seven exploit kits an adobe flash player vulnerability used by the sofacy apt infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thakkarchirayu that s strange try creating a new chrome profile amp let us know if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'braix3n fantastic have any new features caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libarchive opensuse-2016-1405' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mongodb ransacked now 27 000 databases hit in mass ransom attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tara_msft the manual installation link for kalilinux for wsl is now live you can use the to script your installs availabl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see highlights of 2016 events including the 25th anniv linux gala the first kids day cory doctorow and more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neilnio that s great news do you have any windows 10 questions we can help answer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smartphone phishing campaign via whatsapp offers sport shoes as prize since early 2018 some of your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itoledo we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel system cu 14.0 14.1 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nickoplier looks like quite the scenic place to get some work done which features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out our list of the top docker and kubernetes networking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity brute force attacks on wordpress websites soar infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0097 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zidrhan excellent which new features are you enjoying in the anniversary update so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt garrettwatumull we re excited to announce system insights a new feature bringing predictive analytics natively to windows server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hollywood goes open source academy teams up with linux foundation to launch academy software foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'busting the security myth should i use wordpress for my website wordpress has been around for 15 years infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-10153 the crypto scatterlist api in the linux kernel the crypto scatterlist api in the linux ke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zeus banking trojan returns to snatch passwords and credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soumikroy ah good to hear how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches record 334 vulnerabilities in july 2018 critical patch update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt melliyal what is the first step towards innovation learning by doing grateful thanks to oracle for funding a mobile scie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows .library-ms information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emmasaponaro are you trying to set a separate password or are you trying to log in using your facebook login i s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update zziplib opensuse-2018-560 nessus plugin id 110392 with medium severity s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stronger security with inventory management 8 30 1pm et qualys mbromileydfir sansforensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat missing check in websocket client lets remote users bypass hostname verification on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulnerab fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox scammers have made 500 000 by just emailing victims their passwords from previous breaches and then bullshitting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'two bugs in wordpress tooltipy plugin patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zip-n-go 4.9 local buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6496 remote cross-site request forgery csrf potential has been identified in ucmbd browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to retire windows 10 delta updates in 2019' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq joomla com_carocci component isbn parameter sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to speak at lfals in tokyo the may the cfp closes march 4 so get your proposal in asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesocial we have moved from now on you can follow us oraclecx sharing the same insights and updates about oracle social t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clothing flash tech hoodie become the fastest fan alive if you run so fast you look like a red streak infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook malware allegedly spreading celebrity sex tapes through chrome extension update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office viewer products office compatibility products july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at 1 persistence module packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5669 the do_shmat function in ipc shm.c in the linux kernel through 4.9.12 does not restrict' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high cve-2016-7890 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theviewfromll2 from the manafort filing:declaration of special agent brock domin of contacts a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wikileaks us spying files how windows users can protect themselves from the cia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rickperry420 sounds like a great idea to us what other apps have you been enjoying on windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home chromecast leak location information via wirelesswench' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server attacks spike after vulnerability poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobile security framework mobsf 0.9.3 beta packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1443-1 evolution-data-server security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt webfoundation government contemplates blocking whatsapp calls in kashmir for security reasons keepiton' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mt redhatpartners open standards bring unlimited possibilities with redhat and dellemc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update google chrome immediately to patch a high severity vulnerability thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 thunderbird vulnerabilities usn-3141-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel patches are well on the way' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rwfholme we re happy to hear it when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs we saw a significant decrease in new ransomware samples in q1 what do you think has caused the shift in the industry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explained apple icloud kept deleted browser histories for over a year theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_justinluna excellent thanks for sharing with us justin we re happy to have amazing users like you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seinews join eykanal and team in arlington va on august 29 for the cert_division data science in cybersecurity symposium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'burymeinexile thanks it looks like your twitter connection is broken if you have already tried disconnecting and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2015-8626 the user::randompassword function in mediawiki' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox 55.0.3 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update procps opensuse-2018-685 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epicpewpew i think the nsa is just happy someone is actually reading the office circular for once' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x64 download amp execute shellcode 358 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom stack buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgeneratedcontent::hasgeneratedsvgmarker type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 bypass a restriction or similar obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4346877 update released for windows 10 anniversary update version 1607' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe angers chrome users by bundling browser plugin with security update hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2017-0037 remote memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln retired microsoft internet explorer xss filter security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevinjpowell hi kevin we re glad you re enjoying the emoji picker are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms posts.class.php multiple sql injection vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news 7 wi-fi vulnerabilities beyond weak passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:2246 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in cisco webex chrome plugin tue jan 24th the google 0-day project announced infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla has partnered with kliken the leading google adwords automation platform to help you advertise your web' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acgscopez that s great which games are you streaming the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday google chrome googlechrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vmwarevsphere . mikefoley has the vsphere67 security resources you need to stay updated and better understand platform capabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybermonday on your mind sign up for the linux foundation s training newsletter to see what we have in store:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows developer day is feb 8th watch the windows10 creators update livestream to see what s new for developers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libarchive suse-su-2016:2911-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-days hitting fedora and ubuntu bring pain the post doesn t have enough text content please click on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium cve-2016-5226 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sevantownsend we re glad to hear everything is working properly now how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security online banking customers remain extremely frustrated with passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap sapconsole 7.30 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14617 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer dereference and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abbasnorozii you said it are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec powered by sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rickissonothere that s awesome what s your favorite feature on windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nvizion cms sql injection topic nvizion cms sql injection risk medium text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tired of the same old winter playlist get nine new holiday albums for free from the windowsstore:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips to prevent office 365 data loss as a result of ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irishfrappe we re glad you like it let us know if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:xmlrpc 2018-6e6f1003d6 nessus plugin id 110301 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos google chrome lt 31.0.1650.48 http 1xx base::string tokenizer t lt gt ::quick ge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github dependency scan results macs log passwords automating file hunting podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 apache phsa-2017-0012 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14616 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer dereference in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimpierobon hmm for more info on the we suggest you post your query on our chromebook central help forum one o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jauntmagazine celebrating senorita jasmine on nationaldogday and having netsuite and oracle customers like barkbox that work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update aubio opensuse-2018-651' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danshimmyo we re glad you re a fan daniel which windows mixed reality device do you currently have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7284 microsoft internet explorer 10 and 11 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive infor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another less sever drupal issue oracle cpu linkedin autofill abuse webex flash bug podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'online food delivery 2.04 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1440-1 libarchive-zip-perl security update nessus plugin id 111312 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 openssh rhsa-2017:0641' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your biggest moments sent in seconds nearby sharing in windows10 puts your favorite media in the hands of your f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343892 windows 10 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kantar majority acquires stake in millward brown denmark' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1820:01 important red hat virtualization security an update for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3169-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking whatsapp vulnerability could allow facebook and others to read messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 ruby phsa-2017-0002 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update mariadb suse-su-2016:2932-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 vim ovmsa-2016-0182 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orclcitizenship to celebrate oracle s focus on education initiative oraclevolunteers in romania facilitated trainings and worksh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dear fbnewsroom i m so glad you believe data misuse is not your friend now let s talk about the forced conse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how office365 provides end-to-end protection against the most sophisticated phishing campaigns read more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an up-to-date browser should keep users safe from most exploit kits the times when exploit kits eks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'too costly too bothersome mfa adoption lags in smb consumer space we know passwords have become less infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benleech2 very impressive are any windows apps or features helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brewpressplugin brewpress uses the power of the raspberry_pi and wordpress to brew beer check it out at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ask slashdot how should i furnish and secure my work-from-home office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for tomcat native' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter membership site script 1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a lifelock vulnerability exposed millions of customers email address to anyone with a web browser according to a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techjournalist how aquasecteam is helping to secure docker containers dockercon dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component sponsor wall 7.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'noopzen sounds very productive joshua which windows 10 device are you currently using we d love to hear your impressions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ljredux hi lee we appreciate your patience how are things running for you after the update we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft visio 2016 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability microsoft visio 2016 execute code ove' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2999-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'omegle clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redlion crimson protocol detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel double-free memory error in midi driver lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to update urls when moving your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bevy of android apps harbor hidden malicious windows executables threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3576 improper validation of array index in wifi driver function sapinterferencerssicount leads to array' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam securityaffairs hacking malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp1 bind security update euleros-sa-2016-1052 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.221 primetime tvsdk buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn disappearing bytes reverse engineering the ms office rtf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:1777' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo su 5.07 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'briixxloveee that s excellent how long have you been using windows for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tigervnc suse-su-2017:0622-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityaffairs researchers hack whatsapp accounts through ss7 protocol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a child page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'missstrainee great choice are you running windows 10 on it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when compliance should be a dirty word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec eon 5.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kavzkaveni hi there just to confirm have you tried these steps see fix problems if chrome section' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jeffreed415 more data means more context cisco and talossecurity are analyzing and blocking 19.7 billion threats per day.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism my goal wasn t to review the techniques of elevating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt webbreacher check out danielmiessler s post on how companies can will are using your browser s user agent string your email' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter emc networker amqp flaw lets remote users monitoring the network obtain passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'real design sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'criminals start cashing in on vulnerable wordpress websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress theme sydney by athemes 2018 gravityforms input remote file upload vulnerability topic wordpress theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox users beware the popular add-on could steal your browsing history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1416-1 libsoup2.4 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more browser extensions and apps caught spying on users nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker group shadowbrokers release nsa exploits after auction fails infosec itsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xmediads that s amazing david which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libcares2 opensuse-2016-1373 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla com_filecabinet component id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the bro package browser now provides basic package quality checks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for yamahamotorusa connecting with customers is all about creating memorable experiences oracleservcloud is rig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 procps ovmsa-2018-0226 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component extra search 2.2.8 establename parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 cool internet radio players for linux webupd8 there are quite a few linux applications that can play inte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i know where your page lives packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk elsa-2018-2242 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1444-1 vim-syntastic security update nessus plugin id 111357 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa-linked implant patched to work on windows embedded' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb17-04 adobe flash player use after free remote code execution iii' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco prime collaboration provisioning password change validation flaw lets remote authenticated users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp encounters security flaw risks and solutions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keebo_en we re here if you have any questions about windows 10 just reach out to us here.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'project64 2.3.2 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt globalcyberalln cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt amberbaldet public and private ledgers are a useful access model distinction that s not going anywhere what should disappear i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics dive into the updated smartphoneforensics poster for sqlite forensic query examples always free for the community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pagekit cross site scripting code generator packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update curl opensuse-2018-589' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla still working on firefox s site isolation security revamp mozilla s firefox browser doesn t have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberattack sidelines saudi transportation sector as hackers target government offices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt troelsoerting the security of many well-known virtual private network vpn services can be broken by a relatively simple attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln flash seats for ios cve-2017-3190 ssl certificate validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bookloverkate oh no did you check the post page revisions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-050 brocade network advisor dashboardfilereceiveservlet directory traversal remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dinosn roscabgdn onedollarplugin wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leaking beeps it systems broadcasting sensitive info trendmicro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dconsec hmm would you be willing to send your ip and a traceroute to help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polygrover we re glad you re enjoying it have any other windows features caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s the best password manager for macos and ios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 community-mysql 2016-c7e60a9fd4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps global in sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter itech auction script 6.49 mcategory.php mcid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lillbrorsan how s everything running we hope you re having a great experience with windows 10 so far.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how to remove the cryptoshield ransomware from your computer windows 7 windows 8 windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewroysh those are some fantastic memories what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-12577 an issue was discovered on the planex cs-qr20 1.30 a hardcoded account password admin:password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos google chrome lt 31.0.1650.48 http 1xx base::string tokenizer t lt gt ::quick get next out-of-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp officejet printers bug puts entire network at risk coupled with eternalblue scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt achillean public mongodb instances are exposing 24 tb of data still a lot but significantly less than the 904.8 tb from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msploitego 1.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian military intel officers for dnc hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'self-service can be the best service foonista explains how oraclesuccessinsaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt womenbelong getting into some goodtrouble today at the hart senate office building we won t stop fighting until every child i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1439-1 resiprocate security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'compact chassis stellar display and strong performance thanks for the kind words pcmag read on to see why t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adidas us website hit by data breach contactinfo usernames passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is mysql and how wordpress uses mysql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress up to 4.7.2 youtube url embedding wp-includes embed.php cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hacks4pancakes it s 2018 and yearly reminder that you still don t need ccleaner on windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos adobe flash atf planar decompression heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam during what was called a routine infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap releases august 2018 security updates sap on tuesday released its security updates for august 2018 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fish_speaker we appreciate your honesty have you shared these thoughts with us in the windows 10 feedback hub as well' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3147-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt csgazette the division of motor vehicles recently had technical upgrades that closed services just two weeks prior' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 jscript amp 039 reg exp base::fbad header amp amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware infections spiked 106 from black friday to cyber monday darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mozilla svg animation remote code execution 18f39fb6-7400-4063-acaf-0806e92c094f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inbenta s javascript library compromised it was embedded on ticketmaster s payment processing page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update seamonkey opensuse-2017-189' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update openssl suse-su-2018:1968-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5551 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian bitbucket lt 4.14.4 oauth plugin iconuriservlet internal network resource disclosure csrf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities multiple sap products multiple infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1877:01 moderate sssd and ding-libs security and bug fix infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah credgrap_ie_edge extract stored credentials from internet explorer and edge cc hansesecure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 10 mshtml ceditadorner::detach use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adv_w_snowflake that s odd let s try performing a browser reset by following these steps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fi_prasad hi there can you confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee opens advanced threat research lab the hillsboro oregon lab showcases a range of threats infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx218775 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cortana software could help anyone unlock your windows10 computer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter travel portal script 9.33 hotel.php hid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit for recent critical apache struts vulnerability published cve-2018-11776' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s why you should buy oracle database appliance vs building your own db system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tanjimbhai okay gotcha we suggest trying the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'go rat go athenago points torwords portugal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update guile suse-su-2017:0394-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ajmartinsky also worth noting it s a defence for the accused to say they don t know or forgot the password lauri love said thi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux.gafgyt.b risk level very low type trojan.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows zero-day vulnerability infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos oracle openjdk runtime environment 1.8.0_112-b15 java serialization denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the passwords you should never use wed dec 7th new releases of bad or weak passwords lists are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'about that plan to collect passwords at the border never mind privacy concerns fcw s cartoonist notes infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update xorg-x11-libxrender suse-su-2016:3115-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'litl_snek thanks for sharing your excitement are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'designer desktop anyone give your wallpaper some wow with the architectural windows10 theme download here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best windows 10 enterprise security solutions according to av-test' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dpwallace gn3mes1s eduardoperrino security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eric brown looks at two iot-oriented container technologies snappy ubuntu core and resinos 2.0:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution rss generated with fetchrss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt camcmanus proud to connect virtually with fellow employees globally and seeing how oracles work truly impacts us all creati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ip finder 1.5 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 rsyslog shadow phsa-2017-0030 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wyden asks federal agencies to ditch adobe flash hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to credit multiple authors co-authors for posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3405 vulnerability in the oracle advanced outbound telephony component of oracle e-business suite subcom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update util-linux suse-su-2018:2071-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fhmonitor thank you for the kind words we ll pass it along to the rest of the team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component joodatabase 3.1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln dotcms stname parameter sql injection vulnerability dotcms 3.3.1dotcms dotcms 2.3.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.6 vc4_gem.c vc4_get_bcl privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts ntp vulnerabilities usn-3707-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3152-2 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker benchmarks ubuntu clear linux centos debian amp alpine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'or for my english friends does a giant bronze bulldog tickle your fancy a steal at aud 45k delivered via penny f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat malware analysis windows vm malboxes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logikhawk hi emily what happens when you try using chrome do you see an error message let us know we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb login authentication script 1.1 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update libvirt suse-su-2018:1614-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial vulnerabilities usn-3146-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10088 the sg implementation in the linux kernel through 4.9 does not properly restrict write operations i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released windows 7 amp 8.1 cumulative updates kb4345459 amp kb4345424 if you re still running infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4231-1 libgcrypt20 security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chatnow 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'who doesn t love free things try additional layer of protection for your office 365 inboxes for free it s just a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yvonnejinx are you working from a windows device these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suricata idpe 3.2 tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'koupx we think you ll love windows 10 check out all of its new features here what are your thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7275 microsoft office 2010 sp2 2013 sp1 2013 rt sp1 and 2016 mishandles library loading which allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to lynxview_es devops4sap thevirtualforge devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thepaleopalate1 that s right with premium you can enable wordads on the site.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get an insider s perspective on how to build an incident response plan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patrickfong hi patrick we appreciate your candid feedback how are you enjoying windows overall lately is ther' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narasin72992980 gone but not forgotten which windows 10 features are you currently enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'third-party patch released for windows zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 suddenly killing internet connectivity for some users microsoft pushed out a new cumulative infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker freeoffice 2010 2016 installer freeoffice2016.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cyber-security 202 apple s latest security fix is deepening divisions over fbi access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'europol cop took terror dossier home flashed it to the web accidentally europe s fbi sheds light on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1733-1 aubio infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac os x multiple vulnerabilities security updates 2016-003 2016-007 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 child process restriction mitigatio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt droecher we are developing and maintaining a dockerized misp for easy out of the box installations 2nd beta our with many' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable xml-rpc in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel kernel-headers 2018-1c80fea1cd foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebolger charlsmartin amazon googlechrome we wish you try fox pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2602-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by studionet sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tjz1100 ah okay we re glad to hear it how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chikhanyantoine thanks for your patience we re thrilled that everything s running smoothly how are you liking windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 pcsc-lite vulnerability usn-3176-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity white house should lead broad cybersecurity effort panel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8825 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'borchers js foundation has 23 open source projects only scratching the surface of the javascript ecosystem lfosls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erickfloors the is part of our windows insider program be sure to learn more here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is updating people and maps apps for windows 10 with new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now protects you from spectre password-stealing attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement campaigns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 race condition in net packet af_packet.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.12 allows local users to ga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash zero-day exploit act now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows exploitation and antiexploitation evolution windows exploitation and antiexploitation evolution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cneelis good read gt windows smep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google outs windows flaw after microsoft misses a patch deadline infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google santa installed macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to automatically remove default image links in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jeromesegura exploit kits spring 2018 review featuring rigek grandsoftek magnitudeek and greenflashsundownek.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sindrichaos how odd could you share which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like to take a deeper look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::executescripturi use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about the newly launched open service broker api project from cloudfoundry via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to instantly switch between user accounts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel registry hive loading crashes in nt nt hvpgetbinmemalloc and 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows font library embedded font processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update imagemagick opensuse-2016-1413' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the developers behind coinvault were sentenced to 240 hours of community service some of the mcafee_labs team at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mario_carton how interesting let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anthonygreyca yeah we suggest trying the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how many wordpress plugins should you install on your site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'loudanielpedro hi lou we d like to help have you tried these steps to speed up google chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seems like peer-to-peer botnets have pretty much disappeared instead lots are now opting to use compromised device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge browser execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability microsoft edge browser execute code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 thunderbird elsa-2016-2825 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nickisonlinet great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mailchimp module 3.1.5 4.0.10 on wordpress wp-admin admin.php integration cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracletennis just in from the oracleitarankings to the oracle ita summer circuit powered by myutr and more we re excited to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10153 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-10153 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crei_1 we don t have access to that site contact your host or the wordpress community for support thanks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analyzing the sap june 2018 security patch day securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-5307 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cfos cut 30 of nonproductive costs with cloud and that s just the beginning says oracle ceo markvhurd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution apache versions 2.3 up to 2.3.34 and 2.5 up to 2.5.16 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-5307 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2015-5307 denial of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users has now been patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity best web browsers for security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd freebsd lazy fpu state restore information disclosure 4e07d94f-75a5-11e8-85d1-a4badb2f4699 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.04 inches closer to production' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.18 move_pages information leak exploit remote exploits 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows privilege escalation methods for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin mfsbgn03811 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt angealbertini my child is 9.he stole a password then impersonated someone online.we had a don t hack without permission talk.too early or too late' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tulsagrammer hi eric are you still having problems with windows 10 we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you see what i ccm sccm software metering reviewing forensic keyword searches can be confusing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aaronwoland metlstorm it was singe s stuff and i put a relevant link in the show notes not sure if there s a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-152 important security update for windows kernel 3199709 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qnap qvr client 5.0.3.23100 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angelarmcrane hi there the looks like an issue with your browser can you please clear your browser s cache and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 ovirt-engine-extension-aaa-jdbc rhsa-2017:0257' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix linux virtual delivery agent 1.3 gain privileges vulnerability citrix linux virtual delivery agent 1.3 ga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 libvirt cesa-2018:1396' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast packet pushers weekly podcast old network break 116 new brocade arista switches google' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12532 jboss richfaces 4.5.3 through 4.5.17 allows unauthenticated remote attackers to inject an arbitrary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the linux foundation is working with deutsche telekom_group to expand opensource in the telecom sector learn m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee calling bitfi unhackable may have been unwise but it was great marketing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhba-2016:2979-1 red hat enterprise linux openstack platform 6 bug fix and enhancement advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 procps elsa-2018-1777 nessus plugin id 110276 with high severity synopsis the remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs the fileless threat cactustorch uses the dotnettojscript technique which loads and executes malicious .net assemb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'who has sufficient access to broadband the e-connectivty pilot can fund rural broadband build out infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elreychopper hi there can you check amp confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10881 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcdonalds website insecurity leaves passwords open to hamburgling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2088-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mongodb ransomware attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marioskaratzias the youth of europe is the guarantee of its unity and future euwell visioned investment in people by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 xen ovmsa-2016-0177' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt globalcyberalln phishing campaign on office365 business users leverages punycode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bartblaze srita_karen darryl_macleod wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'noonenonameone hmm interesting let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a sidebar in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter movie portal script 7.35 artist.php a sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'built for windows10 amp optimized for surface new app bullclip makes digital markup collaboration incredibly easy:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vcenter server 5.5.x 6.0.x 6.5.x 6.7.x speculative execution side channel vulnerability f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7873 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable mem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new infosec products of the week february 3 2017 new approach to continuous docker container security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player remains target of choice for exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'feels great to be surrounded by so many innovative container projects dockercon dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ciphercloud wins nine 2017 info security products guide ispg global excellence awards at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'without them you d be toast. wired reports on how the windows red team protects the world s most popular operat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bluefiercegamin excellent choices have you recorded any amazing moments with the game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6662 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rayredacted yes and it s covered in my operational whatsapp guide if there was disappearing messages he d have been ok' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'denisnutiu fantastic be sure to check out the latest windows features here what kind o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd codeigniter multiple vulnerabilities 5e439ee7-d3bd-11e6-ae1b-002590263bf5 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sl6thy we re glad to hear everything s back to normal now what do you usually use windows for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm ims enterprise suite data provider up to 3.2.0.0 on microsoft .net privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamesparsons1 hmm we d like to have our team look into it further for you could you report the in the chrome pu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aronbphu understood have you shared your thoughts with us here your feedback helps us make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco identity services engine cve-2016-6453 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2184-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity windows zero-day flaw and poc unveiled via twitter wdormann gossithedog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer multiple flaws let remote users execute arbitrary code and bypass security controls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk .conf18 to feature industry visionaries and product innovations splunk announced that industry infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'accelerate your journey to ai with netapp and nvidia visionaries in virtually all industries are looking infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ifex nepal lenin bista a former child soldier was prevented by immigration and airport authorities from going abroad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity serious vulnerabilities found in mcafee enterprise product infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pr_doctor wordpress hi there can you give us the url of the site and we can take a look and see what happened.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 1 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus attacking windows based systems using the still unpatched smb vulnerability with a php file h t a_de_pasquale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stealing scamming bluffing el reg rides along with pen-testing red team hackers broad smiles good infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google forms wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to imgersonr danu_dirjas phantomthemes wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office fallout shot glass set' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter javascript core arbitrary code execution javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linus torvalds finds 163 reasons to wait a week for a new linux kernel devs weren t quiet enough so the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s new from webroot in early 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3710-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi elasticsearch servers latest target of ransom attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn more about the openstack project in part 5 of the course preview series' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'customer_clever omegasecurity1 axisipvideo thebroadwaybrad might i ask what is the legal basis you are relying' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla bazaar platform 3.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2936-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt adamhrv stealing passwords with thermal camera tested and works with entry-level smartphone thermal attachment at lt 1m wo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jreidenberg use like location to improve people s experience euphemism for stealth spying where are the enforcement agenci' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doughnutwuff fantastic are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analyzing oracle security oracle critical patch update for july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libgit2 multiple vulnerabilities 3c9b7698-84da-11e8-8c75-d8cb8abf62dd nessus plugin id 111019 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8251 windows_10 windows_7 windows_8.1 windows_rt_8.1 windows_server_2008 windows_server_2012' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4217-1 wireshark security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi recovers whatsapp signal data stored on michael cohen s blackberry news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptocurrency service bancor robbed of billions myetherwallet users targeted via malicious vpn chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday open source real-estate script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rndmrennaisance wordpress needs to set a cookie so that it knows you are logged in if cookies are blocked then t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracleretail having a great time at nrf17 catch a ride snap a selfie amp get on a billboard follow us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts firefox vulnerabilities usn-3705-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2017-03-22-1 itunes for windows 12.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress templatic 2.3.6 file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser torbrowser 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3788-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker freeoffice 2016 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3423 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2853 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-2853 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more real bad weblogic news facebook messages spread malicious chrome extensions podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danidante5 right on how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eir reports breach to certain broadband modems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bboemanns maybe webroot can answer that.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-16134 cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 allows xss via a uri cvss:0.0 last update:2018-08-29' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7545 selinux policycoreutils allows local users to selinux policycoreutils allows local users t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser a zero-day vulnerability in firefox infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desh universal cms sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3728-1 firefox-esr security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local windows admins can hijack sessions without credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new marap malware targeting financial institutions via microsoft office and pdf documents steals a new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pirelli drg a115 v3 adsl router unauthenticated remote dns change packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'def con 2018 critical bug opens millions of hp officejet printers to attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_agtlucas music to our ears have you had a chance to check out all the latest features in the windows10 april 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 52.9 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'waelhaddad9 you re too kind abu how has your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3684-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phurstclass happy birthday peter are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scharlab story of the week i whatsapp is upending the role of unions in brazil next it may transform politics. by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9919 the icmp6_send function in net ipv6 icmp.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.12 omits a certain check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu bluetooth headphones fix freedompenguin having trouble getting bluetooth headphones to reliably play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.6 drivers firewire net.c buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 libtiff ovmsa-2017-0037 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rajmudgalseo wpbeginner wordpressnws hi what is the address of the one of the sites you are having trouble with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unnamed family members entitled to damages for home office immigration breach of dpa 98' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manageengine adselfservice plus adds two-factor authentication support for windows logons manageengine infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'comradepault hello paul are you still having the issue finding the hard drive within windows we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome adds ambitious browser mitigation for spectre news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ftpshell server 6.56 changepassword buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kittyqueengamer let s start with the dell inspiron i5680 it has plenty of power and storage what do you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dpcireland dataprotection supervision of google in eu our letter to irishtimes main establishment assessed by objective c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so phar so fud php flaw puts wordpress sites at risk of hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer a few months ago we decided to make a new module for our infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marakapibara hi there have you tried the steps in the guide to repair chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ngo website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud you can t code around a business issue and other wisdom from customers at oracle s modern supply chain experie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerability usn-3188-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center researchers figure out how to trick facial recognition systems zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla catalog 1.0.7 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zoneminder 1.29 1.30 csrf xss sql injection session fixation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter onssi ocularis recorder installed nessus plugin id 111385 with info severity synopsis ip camera video' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity random acts of security read how the phrase random acts of kindness can be applied when talking about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how we roll binary defense vision edr detects powershell macro executions and remote connections and within' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln genixcms cve-2017-5575 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 bind99 2016-8e39076950 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pagekit cms up to 1.0.10 debug toolbar password privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday asuswrt rtac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts clamav regression usn-3722-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 browser denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'forced into installing a chrome extension we have found several sites created for the sole purpose of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343887 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take back wednesday sql slammer still alive but barely kicking sqlslammer sql mssql tbw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets users modify group chats to spread fake news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cloudnativefdn purchases rethinkdb source code and contributes it to the linux foundation:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8398 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly discloses th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hughsient using linux and got an nvme storage drive i need your data to make firmware updates happen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail simply amazing results we are so proud to be part of the success of the beautiful burberry customer experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip big-ip fastl4 profile vulnerability sol36300805 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theonlyhbk the android app does not support uploading audio files you need to use a browser to do that audio fil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insider dangers are hiding in collaboration tools insiderthreat passwords collaboration via erickachick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday sap netweaver as java p4 mspruntimeinterface information disclosure vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities in year s first critical patch update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'catingub you can switch up your windows spotlight image by clicking like what you see in the top right corner how d that go' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress secretly patches severe bug that can lead to site content modification l wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fros554 hmm just to verify are still experiencing chrome crashes after restarting your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft open redirect packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1437-1 slurm-llnl security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog zerosum0x0 ms17-010 eternalblue exploit against windows embedded 7 coming to metasploit d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phresh_id no problem send us an email help wordpress.com for questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17713 is now available here s whats new microsoft has just released windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8924 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in title tootip in synology office before 3.0.3-2143' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rarerblx hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts openjdk-8 vulnerability usn-3734-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberscoopnews mcafee offers state election officials a year of free cloud security tools by zbajee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt conemis thank you oracle for a great event oraclembx london conemis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief us might require social media passwords bbm opens to developers uber rapped nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quest kace systems management command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sumfowler susan koski of pncbank gives ptccyburgh keynote on innovation cert_division pghtech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1413-1 dokuwiki security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shakacon thank you to our bronze sponsor anomali for supporting shakaconx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krawlrr we love having fans like you are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'these same types of flaws were revealed in googlehome and chromecast devices last week a fix for those is coming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'corporatehussy that s fantastic to hear how have you been enjoying windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'finding bad with splunk there is such a deluge of information that it can be hard for information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle fixes solaris vulnerability could allow kernel level privilege escalation exploit has existed in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 information disclosure cve-2017-0008' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'third party patch roundup november 2016 google published several chrome updates in november infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover the oraclecloud security day series gregjensen10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm integration bus cve-2016-8918 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq i believe it was pointed out a couple years ago that whatsapp messages are recoverable from the sqlite db via stand' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2256' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3805-1 firefox-esr security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1522-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riskybusiness damn i was gonna suggest phoning mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'agshanachie hi there that s not good have you tried the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla je messanger sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out cybercriminals using a new simple yet effective technique to bypass microsoft office 365 anti-phishin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fraudsters swiping cloned cards abroad an official at the ministry of home affairs has filed a complaint infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg rethinking the apm paradigm a new vision for enterprise application monitoring' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russlens what is your site s address please have you checked if the same happens on a different browser or a different connection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0321 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5574 sql injection vulnerability in register.php in sql injection vulnerability in register.php' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serverless blockchain buzzword math we re pleased to share the post from guest blogger chris ensey infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a brief introduction to java code signing certificate stay safe and secure for java base software with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-twisted opensuse-2016-1482' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off optinmonster get more email subscribers use coupon bf2016 wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shawneexo hi shawnee have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashbangy we re always looking for ways to improve have you shared your thoughts with us here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.11 cgroup hang denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome original release date july 24 2018 google has released chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle crushes apiary s hope in slightly awkward email to customers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narcmage hello we love your excitement how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3199-1 python crypto vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivative' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows smb server cve-2017-0143 remote code execution vulnerability discoveredmarch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt disclosedh1 wordpress disclosed a bug submitted by b258ea62bf297b02afa9854 hackerone bugbounty' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ab_alsalkini we re glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3145-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swiftonsecurity why not just use separate browser profiles' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '23 best wordpress themes for yoga studios 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add multi-column content in wordpress posts no html required' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability linux enterprise wo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zccernam24xx fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 child process restriction mitigatio 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-755-1 dcmtk security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1549-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install magento 2 with nginx and letsencrypt on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '307vapor hey there we wanted to check in were you able to successfully install windows on your pc we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prosecutor s office paid ransom to regain access to its computers international network busted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu linux-libre 4.18 kernel officially released for those who seek 100 freedom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wwdc 2018 apple just made safari the good privacy browser wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-7400 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress newstatpress 1.2.4 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8201 a csrf vulnerability in brocade virtual traffic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat patches important security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jrss moving to cloud windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0083 remote code execution vulnerability discoveredmarch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner offices around the world celebrated pridemonth to support the lgbtq community and demonstrate what it mea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anantshri ripstech fluxreiners as suggested would recommend touching base with plugins wordpress.org they will also be keen to help 2 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw opens enterprises to compromise patch asap helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new cortana vulnerability could allow cybercriminals to bypass lock screen on windows 10 devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to connect to a wi-fi network on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the tor network can still be accessed in venezuela by using bridges in tor browser including meek-azure which can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3239-3 gnu c library regression' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafeeexecutive to hear your team treasurer stole tens of millions of dollars in tokens is hard to comprehend the evidence is irre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libgit2 fixing insufficient validation of submodule names 5a1589ad-68f9-11e8-83f5-d8cb8abf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iesteinmark great thanks for checking back with us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt detroitenglish new passwords are now checked against the haveibeenpwned database and scored using the zxcvbn library big thank' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft research javascript cryptography library lets remote users bypass security restrictions on the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 firefox cesa-2018:2112 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4134' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress multiple plugin file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elumenata try using a different web browser to get signed in it sounds like your browser might have an older vers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory gnupg updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap adaptive server enterprise denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'squishbelly hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows 10 experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit kits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you to those who amplified the message i have gotten in contact with a few people at oracle.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse and microsoft collaborate to deliver enterprise linux kernel optimized for azure suse announced the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day shadowbrokers hac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3777-1 libgd2 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity security firm issues patch for another windows 0-day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hartsfieldholly kids are watching casper so i decided to explore windows paint 3d scarletrdgz your amazing tweets got me curiou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7268 microsoft word 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 word 2010 sp2 office compatibility pack sp3 word viewer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'textpad 7.6.4 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 update broke dhcp knocked users off the internet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libgcrypt11 libgcrypt20 vulnerability usn-3689-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel show_timer input validation flaw lets local users view portions of system memory on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer delivered though compromized javascript file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 java-1.7.0-openjdk alas-2018-1064 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec yoga and fitness website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'side-channel attacking browsers through css3 features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclestartup how ai is changing the it architecture landscape podcast by kyork20 via oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt a_malatras great people doing great work a successful conclusion to an excellent traineeship at enisa_eu congratulations to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft prepares to kill the windows 8 store no new apps from november' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitglass raises 45m to advance casb technology cloud access security broker vendor set to use to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday july 19th 2018 thu jul infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 thunderbird elsa-2018-2251' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium cve-2016-5219 a heap use after free in v8 in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6 fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru meet brokentype the font fuzzing toolset that helped me find 39 vulns in the windows kernel and user-mode uniscri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking windows smb 0-day risk downplayed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dirlist 0.3.0 file upload command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache s latest snafu struts normal all fscked up web app framework needs urgent patching theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to prayer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3752-1 pcsc-lite security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt altnerdpyle today is nationalsmbv1day go use your windows xp server 2000 devices play music on your sonos check out the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkuppointer::movetogap use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress pica photo gallery 1.0 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what new look should i try come back tomorrow to see the results nationalselfieday windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sherylphar hi sheryl have you tried restarting your device and then relaunching chrome if the issue persists tr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update cobbler suse-su-2018:1741-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-afte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleservcloud dear oracleservcloud customers join nashville usergroup meeting april 13 osvc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2451 xs command-line interface cli user sessions with the sap hana extended application services xs v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the gdpr and browser fingerprinting how it changes the game for the sneakiest web trackers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update cobbler suse-su-2018:1741-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rogueplanetoid awesome thanks for the kind words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt spcoulson i m ok but graham cluley made me do itcc gcluley smashinsecurity lastpass jenny_radcliffe passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd 7.3 to 9.0-rc1 privilege escalation denial of service nessus plugin id 110559 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday november 28th 2016 mon nov infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re looking for software developers at dragosinc for our md office must be a us citizen competitive salary fu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java system solutions sso plugin for bmc myit 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 glibc rhsa-2018:1879' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tatoherrera12 hi tatiana thanks for reaching out we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass extensions can be made to cough up passwords deliver malware helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru new blog post exploiting a windows 10 pagedpool off-by-one overflow wctf 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meusseus that s amazing which features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome showing alerts about incompatible applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our top picks for docker amp k8s networking tools coreos projectcalico weaveworks bigswitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai fingered for massive post office and talktalk outage infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 xdg-user-dirs alas-2018-1030 nessus plugin id 110447 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dns rebind toolkit a front-end javascript toolkit for creating dns rebinding attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'within days of the bombings 2 bin ladin associates were arrested amp charged w the attacks.cia officers at a small' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter java and flash top list of most outdated programs on users pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaspersky anti-virus window broadcast message denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cia officer-turned-candidate says pac obtained her security application' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is a wordpress child theme pros cons and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update virtualbox opensuse-2016-1366 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cisco starts patching critical flaw in webex browser extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'regulators crack down on skype and whatsapp over privacy nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'p_zander glad to hear everything s running smoothly have any new windows features been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts gdm3 vulnerability usn-3737-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hediiadi ah gotcha which changes to windows have been your favorite over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon brings the cloud to canada linux-powered eweek amazon launches aws canada central region in mont' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3689-2 libgcrypt vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts haproxy vulnerability usn-3663-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ale_sp_brazil good slides the advanced exploitation of 64-bit edge browser use-after-free vulnerability on windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mattersolutions 0xjudd brightgreenpath wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edmire2k gotcha thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going at the moment we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'filipnest we appreciate your patience have you seen all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter desh universal cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6576 a sql injection issue is exploitable with a sql injection issue is exploitable with word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4266-1 linux security update bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yaldi5 that s odd try resetting your chrome settings to default let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using a simple way to bypass ms office 365 protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3238-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office ethanol stemless wine glass thinking and drinking with the molecular structure of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm websphere application server 7.0 lt 7.0.0.43 8.0 lt 8.0.0.13 8.5 lt 8.5.5.10 information disclosure nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our sr solutions architect kashif zaidi presenting at the docker meetup in dallas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alan clark of linuxcon containercon cloudopen china diamond sponsor suse will present a keynote on wednesda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook osquery installed macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle jrockit r28.3.12 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt solutionsit when choosing your next password check the guidance from the national cyber security centre.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fileserve clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1806-1 important phpmyadmin infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug lets attackers steal web secrets via audio or video html tags' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5181 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ljb2of3 swiftonsecurity by using bro_ids sniffing some taps at strategic locations and logging into elastic the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe information disclosure cve-2017-0115' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an action in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla je gallery 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle run don t walk to patch the critical database takeover bug theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami tomcat8 alas-2016-778' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update x window system client libraries opensuse-2016-1420 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet android security password-stealing malware sneaks in google play store in bogus apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cryps1s new post detecting windows endpoint compromise with sacls native windows event logg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt th3zer0 padding oracle attack against telegram' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3765-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icgames games site script 1.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ics scada security woes linger on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacobmade we got you covered you can see all the amazing games coming to windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '27 000 mongodb servers have their data wiped receive ransom demand for its safe return' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3742-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator ronwyden sent a letter to nsagov and usnistgov urging a mandate to stop using adobe flash by august 201' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious docker containers earn cryptomining criminals 90k by threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lauhanching sounds like you re staying busy are you working on amazing projects with windows at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to turn off related youtube videos in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2971 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 56 content security policy cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos adobe flash player 24.0.0.186 actiongeturl2 out-of-bounds memory corruption exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2658 it was discovered that the dashbuilder login page as used in red hat jboss bpm suite before 6.4.2 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password spraying' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1812' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-002 security update for microsoft office 3214291' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zorin os 12 improves linux desktop access for windows users there is a seemingly endless variety of linux dis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos cesa-2018-1852 moderate centos 7 kernel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai variant cross-compiles attack code with aboriginal linux via threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'refracta 8.0 is a pint-sized powerhouse linuxinsider refracta is a somewhat obscure linux distribution that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secguru_otx update about the extortion scam emails with leaked password up to now btc 15.96 about 125k paid by the victim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2091-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medical clinic website script admin_giant username password sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases security alert original release date august 13 2018 oracle has released a security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wp easy full backup brute forcer packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'findlaygrant5 does clearing your browser s cache and cookies solves the problem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4253-1 network-manager-vpnc security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5541 mysql_cluster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10882 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection topic wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress quiz and survey master cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ohjuliaann oh no could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps after' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-738-1 spip security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free ms13 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'safcakes that s awesome are any apps or features in windows 10 helping you stay productive right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:2569 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress themes nunace shell upload vulnerability csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7867 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomasareed thanks thomas we updated to clarify that nothing is actually installed but that it is a browser-based attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201611-21 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samhyland271 ah okay if you want to send wordpress feedback you can do that here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 openssl euleros-sa-2018-1179 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spacemutiny we re glad you re enjoying focus assist and timeline how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news exposed mongodb installs being erased held for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt geeknik windows process injection writing the payload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsblog icymi dell adds convertible xps 13 model unveils 8k monitor and more ces2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2017-3290 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkuncle malwarejake 1password yah the problem here is scale at my last place i tried we had 7000 employees' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln usb pratirodh cve-2017-6911 insecure password storage information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shesblessedmuch hi there are you trying to blog from the wordpress mobile app or from the browser on a mobile w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt samfbiddle according to pitch documents leaked to the intercept trump insider and gop fundraiser elliot broidy s defense cont' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ty_giuls we love your humor tyler are you currently using windows as your main os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 memcached rhsa-2016:2820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june patch tuesday flash microsoft amp spectre infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 2.3.x 2.5.x remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap cso security requires context darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 reloadincompatview buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung unveils chromebook plus v2 convertible with new processor rear camera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla 1.6 com_virtuemart id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'germany s continental bans whatsapp from work phones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erpscan-16-035 sap solman user accounts disclosure fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gines_tristan we couldn t agree more is it safe to assume that you re currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15594 arch x86 kernel paravirt.c in the linux kernel before 4.18.1 mishandles certain indirec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows dll loading remote code execution vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my link trader 1.1 admin login.php username password weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new pluralsight course defending against javascript keylogger attacks on payment card information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kjansennz excellent thanks for letting us know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'particle accelerator hacked boffins hashed passwords beamed up the australian synchrotron warns it s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 2.1.1.x lt 2.1.1.30 3.0.1.x lt 3.0.1.15 3.1.2.x lt 3.1.2.16 multiple vulnerabilities jan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'priestess_tarot wordpresshelpwp howdy sounds like a theme or plugin feature for support with your self-hosted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monzo why traditionally banks have worked in the shadows on card misuse banks notify firms all the time they v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts vulnerability leaves major websites exposed darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'costoons that s awesome how has your windows experience been on it so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'because of its small size minox subminiature cameras were easy to conceal it could also take excellent photograph' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sueporemba check out the article to fix connection errors in chrome see your connection.. does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8031 the tomee console tomee-webapp has a xss vulnerability which could allow javascript to be executed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat native ocsp response handling flaws let remote users bypass authentication on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.4.1 crypto algif_skcipher.c lrw_crypt denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chudotjpeg understood could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows 10 device let' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.1 binary release packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthuntsucks excellent thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking multiple attackers hijacking mongodb databases for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiewjinjie hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee enterprise security manager privilege escalation cve-2016-8006' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter torbrowser firefox remote use-after-free fbi s exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker defines itself as the open choice for containers at dockercon 18' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'followtherabit music to our ears which windows features are catching your eye at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4144' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore kick off the weekend right rent hit movies like suicide squad for just 99 cents today only on microsoftmoviestv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 slurm 2018-8f5a50e4d7 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer malwarebytes browser extension blocks malware scams ads amp trackers by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'escapeisnowhere that s music to our ears are any other apps or features in windows 10 helping you stay productive right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress file deletion vulnerability could allow site takeover and code execution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for remote code execution apsb18-19 rss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans upcoming advanced pentest webcastweaponizing browser-based memory leak bugsby steph3nsimsthursday au' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability sap identity management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'datalife engine 13.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'semantics that s what we like to hear cody have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt briankrebs got a google home or chromecast device on your network new research shows it s possible for web sites to query the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday schools alert management script 2.01 list_id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how deep learning is making computers better at guessing your passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast reminder virustotal webcast will begin in 30 minutes hosted by plusvic and sans mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln suse opensuse build service cve-2018-12466 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some yahoo stole my password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network manager vpnc username privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft adds resiliency redundancy security to windows server 2019 networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simonateba wordpress hi there glad you re liking gutenberg and those are some great questions the greater' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the backdoor that never was and how to improve your security with whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security flaw in mcafee enterprise software gives attackers root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1551-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gianoza is there anything we can help you out with on windows we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability oracle java se and jrockit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac malware is still crude but it s slowly catching up to its windows rivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution apache versions 2.3 up to 2.3.34 and 2.5 up to 2.5.16 remote code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0321 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we talk the talk and walk the walk when it comes to our office 365 integration get your free trial of cisco email' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3090 vm_virtualbox vulnerability in the oracle vm virtualbox component of oracle virtualization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 getting a game mode that would improve game performance report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tmb73br thanks for trying can you create a new chrome profile and check if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amnesty international has been spearphished by a whatsapp message bearing links to what the organization believes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code execution vulnerability apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch critical new vulnerability on microsoft windows operating systems found by secunia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dotmudge dear twitter folk:anyone have access to a device running linux-mips above a v4.8-rc1 12 kernel version need the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 27 1pm et register for microsoft webcast and learn how to leverage raw events effeciently mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime data center network manager file upload rce cisco-sa-20180502-prime-upload nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google patches dirty cow linux vulnerability in android seurity update most recent news vnu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes february 2017 on 14 of february 2017 sap released its monthly set of sap security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 sleuthkit 2018-7270b39f50 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp security vulnerability messages can be intercepted and read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house email security faux pas the executive office of the president isn t complying with the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has been named a leader in the forrester wave digital experience development platforms q2 2018 and was' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about android user enabled security in terms of passwords and gestures chapter 19 from seeking the truth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'triplequack oh no can you try creating a new chrome profile amp check if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acitygirlstory oh you could check to see whether the changes are saved in a previous revision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the botnet that broke the internet isn t going away hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2037-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'litl_snek awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flexense enterprise products detection nessus plugin id 110558 with info severity synopsis the web server is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ca unified infrastructure management hardcoded credentials missing authentication packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe has released an emergency update for a security vulnerability in their flash product adobe says that the fl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ericlaw if you need to pwn a lot of clients the easiest way is probably to phish the author of a popular browser extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best office assistant i ve ever worked with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'escapeisnowhere we re glad to hear it thanks for getting back to us how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress google forms plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris critical patch update jul2018_sru11_3_33_5_0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog john mcafee unhackable cyber expert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2954 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hacking wpa enterprise with kali linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ss_srk that s what we like to hear which features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to presimplacable apache_security ingressnginx wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamosaur would that change your opinion on the thing from broadly positive to negative' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd git fix memory out-of-bounds and remote code execution vulnerabilities cve-2018-11233 an nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell emc recoverpoint remote root packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps my php dating 2.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat changes its open-source licensing rules' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox esr lt 52.9 multiple critical vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brownteaming defcon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rushingspirit1 hi tammy let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and then re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new macos malware steals passwords and iphone backups' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce aix privilege escalation via lquerylv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas oracle cloud iaas is one of the the best platforms for high-performance computing workloads we continue our hpc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss security vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes july 18 re-released hot news and the rise of security notes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nlover2005 excellent choice what will you be using your new pc for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davismanor hi andrew have you tried signing out signing back into your chrome profile and then re-setting your s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle gets busy with lazy fpu fix adds more spectre-protectors theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3133-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14939 the get_app_path function in desktop unx source start.c in libreoffice through 6.0.5 mi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dk_effect microsoft we linux half the vm s in azure are linux chakra powershell and .net all have oss versions we put' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter red hat jboss eap 5.2.x untrusted data deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-0763 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a wordpress theme framework' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 graphite2 euleros-sa-2018-1172 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog lunchtime fun i wrote about the zero day windows task scheduler alpc exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for may 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2790 when processing a record type of 0x3c from a workbook stream from an excel file .xls justsystems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1517 a flaw in the java.math component in ibm sdk java technology edition 6.0 7.0 and 8.0 may allow an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked emails passwords private messages stolen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hide a wordpress page from google' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rio_v14 we re glad you re enjoying them thanks for being a fan how long have you been a windows user rio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt davidschneider one good thing about jeremy hunt taking over at the foreign office at least we won t have a buffoon as foreign sec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa hasn t closed security windows snowden climbed through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a custom login page for wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2017:0295' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webroot announces integration with brightgauge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to zerobscrm wordpress webdesign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update openssl opensuse-2018-704 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkuppointer::movetogap use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a sidebar in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9650 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55.0.2883.84 for androi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'corvusprodo hi please contact us via help wordpress.com and we can take a look at your account thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update java-1_7_0-ibm suse-su-2018:1458-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avast_antivirus malwarebytes mac users enjoy findzip macos ransomware decryption tool is available online for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 moves closer to killing off passwords with edge webauthn logins windows hello biometric login infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe buffer overflow cve-2017-0087' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soul_winar we re happy to hear it are you enjoying any new apps or features at the moment we d love to know what you think of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa exploit peddlers the shadow brokers call it quits news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canadian agency breached as hackers exploit cve-2017-5638 flaw in apache struts 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neoflwroad nice background how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update libass suse-su-2016:3107-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.18 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rj_gallagher police across china are are obtaining smartphone data extraction devices which officers are using on the street to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theonlyhbk visit in your browser and go to my site gt plans to purchase one of our paid plans for your site.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update libvirt suse-su-2018:1475-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability kernel 4.4.30li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lpetkov we re glad you like it happy and faster browsing wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redheadyank i see the wordpressios team is already helping you with the so best to keep the in one conversation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle financial services applications flaws let remote users access and modify data and remote authenticated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for remote code execution apsb18-19 rss generated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress twentyfourteen theme default theme full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt citrix the gdpr has had a big impact on privacy and global business peter lefkowitz our chief privacy amp digital risk o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'could semantic icons replace passwords and pins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1933:01 important chromium-browser security update an update for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narhimaabbas we love having fans like you how is your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:2267' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts perl vulnerability usn-3684-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwned with 4 lines of code researchers warn scada systems are still hopelessly insecure theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom bcm4339 soc cve-2017-6957 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacks interfering in the 2016 u.s presidential election' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update glibc suse-su-2018:1562-1 nessus plugin id 110393 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.635 execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 11.2.202.635 execute code vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sjmurdoch rewarding more complex passwords with a longer expiry results in stronger passwords but more password resets is t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 7 expat rhsa-2016:2824' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report more than 100k wordpress web pages defaced following disclosure of patched bug l wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux phsa-2018-2.0-0073 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-gke linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerability usn-3220-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deutsche telekom outage seen as part of broader internet attack cybersecurity itsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability linux kernel cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 plugin answer sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rajganesh0072 thanks for sharing your thoughts with us and for helping us make windows the best version yet.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foxit pdf reader 9.0.1.1049 pointer overwrite use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mdennedy vice president and chief privacy officer at cisco discusses her company s approach to meeting the req' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office viewer products office compatibility products july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office365 with advanced threat protection gave coremediairl flexible highly secure data on any device learn how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multireligion responsive matrimonial script 4.7.1 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ask slashdot why did 3d tvs and stereoscopic 3d television broadcasting fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5551 the simple_set_acl function in fs posix_acl.c in the linux kernel before 4.9.6 preserves the setgid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows dll loading remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'followerofcanti understood we appreciate you taking the time to respond how has your overall windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prohack thanks for the kind words you d be surprised at the very long list of companies that disagree last 2yrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 krb5 linux phsa-2017-0011 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter emc documentum eroom up to 7.4.4 7.4.4 sp1 7.4.5 p03 7.5.0 password privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6663 unspecified security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wring some good out of the badlands join the fight today in halowars2 t for windows10 and xbox one:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code execution vulnerability apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt intel80x86 i ve published the second part of the analyzing windows memory management routine and page frame number. windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15877 the plainview activity monitor plugin 4.7.11 for wordpress is vulnerable to os command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi adobe flash provides six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ravooriadithya wdormann yep sadly my last place was on office 2010 and there s nothing in place for flash on o2010 or o2013 users.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle sets all-time record with july critical patch update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 2 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dcschuitemaker you can learn more about upgrading to windows 10 pro here let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu swe photography contest entry by dario grubi i storm crikvenica 13.6.2018.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gentilkiwi mimikatz kitten edition now supports saved password in rdg files used with remote desktop connection manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt michael_curator . jrwashley oracle talks about the workplace of tomorrow hcm via hrtechoutlook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security packet storm new exploits for november 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sudden video popups your browser may have been hijacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breakingcreech how odd be sure to let us know if it happens again which windows features have you been enjoying lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'making windows 10 a bit less creepy common privacy settings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hrishikeshadsul thanks for the love which other features are you enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hiaooc_ebooks we re glad you re a fan of windows 10 what are you liking about it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to leverage best practices for running an open source program office or starting an open source project i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do i make my windows 10 computer run faster part 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'full disclosure ts session hijacking privilege escalation all windows versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper love the detail in these photos like the sheets with code information tacked to the wall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twitch_bones3 understood thanks for getting back to us are you playing any amazing games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wdormann ah-ha ms version or native flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2946 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'president trump announces intent to appoint veteran agency officer vaughn f bishop as cia deputy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung knox patch mongodb audit crypto in php podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google broadens encryption options with cloud key management infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 sqlite 2018-8d8f0e1643' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thousands of mongodb databases compromised and held to ransom mongodb databases are being hit by an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3003 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bitvise ssh server lt 7.41 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110290 with medium severity synop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7286 ms16-145 microsoft edge scripting engine remote code execution ii 3204062 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my new office arrangement for technical and strategic books most of them belong some temporary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity new mac malware linked to russian hackers can steal passwords amp iphone backups mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current python ssa:2016-363-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit cve-2018-4192 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp network automation rpcservlet java object deserialization rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm bind 4444 tcp shell ipv6 shellcode 128 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just announced open source summit europe and embedded linux conference plus openiot summit europe keynote speake' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if for some reason you re still using tkip crypto on your wi-fi ditch it linux android world bug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2094-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanjand69 hmm can you also try restarting the device and then relaunching chrome to see if that helps keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'volteer95 hi manuel you can find the windows 10 version of halo wars 2 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix provisioning services multiple flaws let remote users obtain sensitive information and execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 gst-plugins-good0.10 gst-plugins-good1.0 vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft msr javascript cryptography library cve-2018-8319 remote security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you re going to use windows it makes security sense to use windows 10 zero-day vulnerabilities the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch now sap february updates address a total of 22 flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whizbiz business directory cms 1.9 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-819-1 mysql-5.5 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese espionage group temp.periscope targets cambodia ahead of july 2018 elections and reveals broad operations g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project x86 paravirtualization local dos xsa-264 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bots are wreaking havoc on the internet the oracle dyn web application security suite provides highly effective p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'changes in webassembly could render meltdown and spectre browser patches useless upcoming additions to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'technology an overly attached girlfriend with a brother working at a spy agency thank you sandy francisco for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-6130 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress drcsystems ethicsolutions jssor-slider library plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'myth all cia officers recruit amp handle agents.fact only some officers recruit amp handle agents which is the job' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'django open redirect flaw in commonmiddleware lets remote users redirect the target user s browser to an arbitrary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security linux privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drewguess oh no have you tried these troubleshooting steps to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-724-1 mcabber security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using a simple way to bypass ms office 365 protection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2017-0016 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7875 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bradengw cutepdf works well too indeed glad it s solved happy browsing wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'birdly2002 hey there we re checking in did you successfully install windows 10 on your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pyxlgy that s an excellent list thank you for taking the time to share with us we love having awesome users like you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft releases security update for flash player libraries' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter logostore sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap license fees also due for indirect users court rules' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews a side-channel vulnerability was discovered in browser implementations of the css3 feature mix-blend-mode whic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hydrajump not on desktop i don t trust it yet chrome has gotten a lot worse though so i m not sure how long it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15877 the plainview activity monitor plugin 4.7.11 for wordpress is vulnerable to os command' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrisiona hi chris have you try these steps on your browser go to gt settings gt advanced gt content settings gt co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 plugin local file inclusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atumapgyoutube thanks for the compliment we suggest trying the windows blue screen troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dashbuilder project dashbuilder execute code sql injection vulnerability dashbuilder project dashbuilder execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sidify music converter 1.2.9 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps vine videosite creator script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adimike55 thanks for the update let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker unveils cross-cloud management container templates by arnnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vietnamese crypto sky mining ceo disappears with 35 million' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 nagios-plugins 2016-8586235698 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2095 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best food movies an indiewire critics survey poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts libytnef vulnerabilities usn-3667-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openemr 5.0.1.3 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows kernel registry hive loading crashes in nt nt hvpgetbinmemalloc and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to like or dislike comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity homeland security secretary floats plan to ask us visitors for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows emet xml injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2016:3044-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sekirkity first blog post released at for code execution on sql servers via fileless clr stored procedures.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-723-1 libsoap-lite-perl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle secure global desktop multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marandaleee can you send us an email to help wordpress.com so we can take a closer look include an example post effected.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4243-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla topics 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beowulf98765 that s great thanks for getting back to us are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter luca todesco releases browser-based exploit for pangu 9.3.3 jailbreak without certificate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peplink ngxxx lcxxx vpn-firewall open redirect packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 openslp euleros-sa-2018-1211 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenable nessus up to 6.10.3 agent mode permission privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 mshtml ceditadorner::detach use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eleniwins thanks for the info have you tried these steps to repair chrome if it freezes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt holgermu oracle open-sources graphpipe to make it easier to deploy machine learning models venturebeat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday alibaba clone script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a sysadmin s handy cheat sheet for selinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsblog hp kicks off gamescom with omen innovations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voidmancer hey there we suggest learning how to import data from another browser in one step here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0ne_army excellent choices what rank are you at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1722-1 moderate python-python-gnupg infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity webroot quarterly threat update 84 percent of phishing sites exist for less than 24 hours infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee epolicy orchestrator input validation flaw lets remote users conduct cross-site scripting atta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 gnupg2 rhsa-2018:2180 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.10 linux vulnerabilities usn-3190-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor browser experts from the tor project have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt webdevlaw privacymatters pro tip use the accessibility checker tool in powerpoint it points out a range of issues ranging' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'austingragg we re happy to hear you enjoy night light have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 ap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcl0pl we love having life long users like you what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq erpscan-16-041 sap netweaver directory creation outside of the jvm bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps witycms 0.6.2 cross-site request forgery password change' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vengeful hacker exposes domainfactory customer banking data and passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singapore explores virtual browsers following singhealth data breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-023 critical security update for adobe flash player 4014329 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4280-1 openssh security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5423 debian_linux postgresql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oz regulator trims broadband prices just a little off the top barber the australian competition and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ex-mozilla dev suggests to drop all av solutions other than windows defender infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 liblouis euleros-sa-2018-1222 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenniroyaltea howdy you ll be able to contact us from or by emailing help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity from secure passwords to app updates londoners warned to take cyber-security as forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update gstreamer-plugins-good suse-su-2016:3288-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.1 blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 openslp cesa-2018:2240 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat enterprise virtualization bugs in ansible component lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3155-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1812 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt riskybusiness excellent piece from 888riley' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps departmental store management system 1.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news payasugym breach exposes passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvc_mvtv welcome to team windows we re here to help if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aws-hosted mongodb left publicly accessible online the asset contained 142 gb of data including more than 200 000' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa web threat detection 5.x cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5kidsinger7 ah gotcha let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms in 2019 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.1 blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sumitdhimanmvp oh no try resetting your chrome settings to default let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 security update for .net framework 3205640' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt edsealing got accepted to speak at brocon2018 talking about managing a cluster of bro_ids with kubernetesio at different' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 25 off beaverbuilder drag amp drop page builder for wordpress limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google whacked 20m over chrome malware patent theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity phishing alert after airtel spam message bsnl fake message doing rounds on whatsapp infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 rest api privilege escalation exploit webapps exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aled hi aled does the happen only with google chrome also do you see an error message when clicking on an image let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artofbibill hi bill we d like to help what happens when you try loading google drive in chrome is there an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news speakers and sessions announced for the linux foundation open source leadership summit:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8646 the hash_accept function in crypto algif_hash.c in the linux kernel before 4.3.6 allows local users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-2399 integer overflow in the quicktime_read_pascal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla maqma helpdesk 4.2.7 component id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rerven hi there we recommend posting the in the chrome developer forum for further insights hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rachelmclean drop us a line at help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3175-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft windows local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mbkumar . larryellison oracle is by far the best database in the world and it just got better with autonomous thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to greet each user with a custom welcome message in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office super mario 16 oz coin box mug drinking the power up don t go into work without a few infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux rakos the new linux malware threatening devices and servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution exploit cve-2018-12589 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _nullbind blog tokenvator a tool to elevate privilege using windows more nice work from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2007 sp3 2010 sp2 2011 buffer overflow cve-2016-7298' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation got creds to a win10 box and want system code exec and a full c2 channel purely over wmi code exec write primitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off soliloquy premium wordpress slider plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17733 released with finished file explorer dark theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s democrats securityaffairs hacking russia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tariff war of words with china resulting in cyberattacks against the u.s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk 15.x lt 15.4.1 multiple vulnerabilities ast-2018-007 ast-2018-008 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress tagregator 0.6 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress fixes security flaw that opened users to content injection attacks hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2428 under certain conditions sap ui5 handler allows an attacker to access information which' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brocade ships switches but makes most noise about devops goodbye drudgery now you can script up your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk project security advisory ast-2016-008 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update poppler suse-su-2018:1691-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacks4pancakes fuxnet 0xb105f00d ex-service people have excellent problem solving amp analytical skills which i ve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bruce35dc thanks for sharing your thoughts with us bruce which version of windows are you currently using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle java se multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'incredibly powerful meticulously crafted unboxing surfacebook windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nerdpyle windows server 17709 preview cannot dynamically register its ips in dns it s not in the release notes but trust me' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2016-0172' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dropbox is dropping support for all linux file systems except unencrypted ext4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt databaseguru oracle autonomous transaction processing atp is now available larry ellison announces thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jwunder i recently used that one at the office while i opened a chat room' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openstack cinder 7.0.2 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oh ffs. it s not clear which cosmetic powders which may include face powder blush bronzer and eye shadow ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoomeye iot search engine cached login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua dvrs privacy security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eliainfp that s quite a long time thank for being a loyal fan all these years do you use windows to work on any cool projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome os local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux lt 2.0.3 multiple vulnerabilities sb10181' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re excited to have kat_brock of clarotyltd share a case study covering an offshore drilling operation s develo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2018-826 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10862 wildfly core before version 6.0.0.alpha3 does not properly validate file paths in .war archives all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paladin s anti-hacking browser extension looks like snake oil news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt atucom i updated my post with a simple python command runner for the apache struts 2 exploit cve-2018-11776:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark launches sap certified privileged access security solution cyberark announced the availability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2933 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.186 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.186 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhuntington3 hi richard which version of windows are you seeing the on perhaps we can help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psssantosh11 thanks for doing that the feedback you provide allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update postgresql95 opensuse-2018-696 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.3 amp lt 2.3.34 2.5 amp lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb17-01 adobe acrobat reader type confusion remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwn2own hackers earn 340 000 exploiting windows macos the second day of the pwn2own 2017 hacking infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talos releases thanatosdecryptor a free thanatos ransomware decryptor securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update spice suse-su-2017:0400-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4216-1 prosody security update nessus plugin id 110317 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacobrozanski hi there just checking in have you picked up a surface book i7 yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edensendmusic hi there how are things going at the moment are you enjoying any new apps or features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '18 most important things you need to do after installing wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deepan_bh_att thanks for the warm wishes deepan we re happy to have awesome users like you which windows feat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2010 word viewer execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 phishing campaign hides malicious urls in sharepoint files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases windows 10 cumulative update kb3201845 for insiders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 curl postgresql phsa-2018-1.0-0108 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elefant cms 1.3.12-rc cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'observerip scan tool 1.4.0.1 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-002 important security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 gstreamer-plugins-bad-free 2016-a3bc78de2b nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 11 scripting engine buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 sql injection wordpress chained quiz plugin versions 1.0.8 and below suffer from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq security dsa 3788-1 tomcat8 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global antivirus software market 2018 symantec mcafee trend micro avg avast software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'growing trend dump data via credential stuffing just stuff in a bunch of password reuse from other breaches to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 gnupg2 rhsa-2018:2181 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 6nak6 gossithedog haveibeenpwned in order to verify your identity which of the following passwords have you used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macoud12 we re ecited to hear that how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libjpeg-turbo vulnerabilities usn-3706-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter auction script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update libcares2 suse-su-2016:3287-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new fallout 76 info dump i watched the excellent noclip making of documentary at lunchtime and made these quick n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.5.3 press the cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ddos attacks against digital broadcasters to worsen in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter secure your enterprise with zoho vault password management software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8176 office_for_mac a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft powerpoint software when' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alexandrinepdec there are 2 new opportunities to come work with privacyint we are looking for a policy officer and a legal officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3686-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google patches dirty cow linux vulnerability in android seurity update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local pale moon browser lt 27.9.3 use after free poc exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability sap identity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24 nessus plugin id 110977 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt clim8resilient pptsapper nearly all men can stand adversity but if you want to test a man s character give him twitter abraham lincoln s wikipedia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mpozii that s music to our ears are any other windows features catching your eye right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenuskinawfer thank you for the kind words how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikejmika i missed the back in the day but here it is david crane wrote a brochure for c64 owners to type in a crude versi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update gcc43 suse-su-2018:1498-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office depot tech support fraud alleged you ve read our blog posts debunking phone-based tech support infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt michaelbkelley how russia stole the night inside the illegal market for american night-vision technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chip biz aixtron begs for help just let the chinese eat me semiconductor bods want germany to lift infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released windows 10 insider update to build 17713.1002 to test servicing pipeline' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bzises welcome to dell social media support thank you for reaching out to us we would like to assist you windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kuku_emyliegh we re happy to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookefuchs thanks for the update and glad to hear it s working fine now could you also report the to our team u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office the wild unknown tarot deck and guidebook to help you on your journey into the unknown infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel double-free memory error in midi driver lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian intel officers for hacking democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd botan2 ecdsa side channel 7762d7ad-2e38-41d2-9785-c51f653ba8bd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. talossecurity will discuss macro trends they ve discovered the past season register to attend the live webinar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ignbirdi it sounds like you ll be all set to go were you able to successfully download windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday macos kernel amp lt 10.12.2 ios amp lt 10.2 broken kernel mach port nam 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unodemones uh oh have you also tried uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten so there s the zerofont attack to bypass office 365 s filters which i heard about on riskybusiness' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd asterisk infinite loop when reading iostreams f14ce57f-6dc8-11e8-a671-001999f8d30b nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update flash and adobe acrobat now flash i ve got a critical vulnerability. acrobat hold my beer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'something is going on with mobile access here at the peoplesvotemarch disappearing service slow service even sms wouldn t send' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux openssl phsa-2017-0042 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimatekingguy hi there that s not good just to confirm have you tried restarting your device and relaunching chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open sesame vulnerability that let users hack windows 10 was demonstrated at black hat conference infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'second try at windows lsass patch addresses vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3195-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce snort executing dll code via tcapi.dll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sun solaris 11.3 avs local kernel root packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix privilege escala 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the eye of the hailstorm the blog post was authored by jakob dohrmann david rodriguez and jaeson infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to gn3mes1s jzikusooka wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical wordpress rest api bug prevent your blog from being hacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wearecyclinguk we re helping out a bbc programme due to be broadcast later in the year on potholes if you ve come off your bike' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkolsek enigma0x3 all ms say is the security update addresses the vulnerability by ensuring the windows shell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1877-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkit generator use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'furasoke excellent choices have you captured any epic game play clips with the game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my password is taco using emojis for stronger passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter copy-me plugin 1.0.0 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nvidia windows gpu display driver kernel mode layer denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1446-1 intel-microcode security update spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3728-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt f_kaltheuner we re hiring for 2 maternity covers 1 legal officer policing tech surveillance dat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3173-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bauermetal hi there welcome to the windows family we would love to hear your thoughts so far.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt globaleaks the municipal office against fraud and corruption of madrid will soon launch a whistleblowing platform based on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper i mean it s not like student loans are the next bubble or anything' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338826 windows 10 version 1703 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'early bird registration for brocon 2018 has been extended to august 10 register here brocon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rcs i ll be speaking on secure coding in java tonight at 7 pm at the owasp pittsburgh chapter q2 2018 meetup at the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress responsive thumbnail slider plugin arbitrary file upload exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 zsh cesa-2018:1932 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel crypto mcryptd.c denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when it comes to security android is the new windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google updated its googlechrome browser and added support for the credential management api called webauthn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benhawkes project zero blog windows exploitation tricks exploiting arbitrary object directory creation for local elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to block potentially harmful programs with windows defender antivirus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can graphical passwords keep us secure online can graphical passwords keep us secure online advertise infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14017 the r_bin_java_annotation_new function in shlr java class.c in radare2 2.7.0 allows re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enabling x-ray vision for application security in the cloud the isbuzz post the post enabling x-ray infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'study abroad education website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-1656 the ibm java runtime environment s diagnostic tooling framework for java dtfj ibm sdk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux reiserfs listxattr_filler heap overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watching the talented kseniadmitrieva of cigitalresearch now part of synopsys discuss react javascript framew' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad opensuse-2016-1481' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3159-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday january 5th 2017 thu jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-738-1 spip security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru meet brokentype the font fuzzing toolset that helped me find 39 vulns in the windows kernel and user-mode uniscri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 continues to close in on windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover new worlds windows10 creators update will bring mixed reality within reach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network adobe patches code execution flaws in flash reader acrobat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 flaw uncovered more critical than equifax bug threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local microsoft windows 10 child process restriction mitigation bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you one of 48 of people who protect their mobile devices with a pin if not then join them asap not to make pi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch your flash player now zero-day actively exploited in the wild hotforsecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yvonnelee_13 hi yvonne have you also tried the steps in the article to help fix chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you ll feel like royalty with regal purple adorning your desktop get a windows10 theme fit for a king or queen he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sign up for arubanetworks and mbromileydfir webcast enterprise security with a fluid perimeter 7 18 1pm et' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam just tested it typed the word twitter 3 times the result was: twitteer twiteer twtteer yes i typed ful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 56 interface spoofing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps sendroid 5.2 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take a virtual tour of new york city s iconic holiday windows ice skating bunny rabbits santa s high infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter moodle 3.1.2 sql injection obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new security flaw has been detected in intel processors passwords can potentially be stolen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saxena_aadi okay gotcha let s have you run the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2927 apsb17-02 adobe flash player heap overflow remote code execution i mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla extra search 2.2.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt intelnatsecjnl we are very sad to hear of the recent death of richards j dick heuer a former senior cia officer and scholar w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update tar opensuse-2016-1341' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel path_openat function use after free memory corruption vulnerability linux kernel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why the office of the future will demand stronger security for enterprise solutions and personal mobile devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bkbkbk we re glad you re enjoying the windows spotlight images how have you been enjoying windows overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'catch up on all the ces2017 pc announcements on the windows blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityweekly congrats to gcluley nakedsecurity flashpointintel troyhunt bitdefender_ent all rsac sec blogger award winners ht' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 gstreamer1-plugins-good elsa-2017-0020 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11629 default and unremovable support credentials user:lutron password:integration allow attackers to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 glibc ruby phsa-2018-1.0-0098- a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jereplayswow how odd let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update openslp on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bjs confidentiality pledge revision notice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melodieturk you re very welcome have you been using windows 10 for long' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joefairs understood could you try resetting your chrome settings and check if that helps keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top hids tools on the market in our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers sucurilabs said the incident underscores how pervasive a threat vector browser extensions can be if us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attn users of la liga the app has been remotely activating your phone s microphone to clamp down on bars broadca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-2355 sql injection vulnerability in the rest api in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter alienvault unified security management ossim sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why biometric technology is still not the absolute replacement for passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how and why you should limit login attempts in your wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure cve-2018-0824 exploit microsoft com for windows privilege escalation infosec pentest redteam exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if your password is on the list you re in big trouble' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'best linux distros for 2017 datamation an overview of the best linux distro for 2017 based on various user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle scraps plans for solaris 12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox new signal has a quite nasty bug which ended up in disappearing messages not disappearing we verified with mul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermewio thank you for your lifelong support what have been your favorite added features or changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackingdave ouch bro i feel for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2010-4314 remote attackers can use the iprint web-browser activex plugin in novell iprint client before 5.42 f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5551 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theamazingshiny wonderful thank you for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adamsonsl hmm let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and then restart the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jailbreakme-style browser-based loader for pangu ios 9.3.3 jailbreak without certificate released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haydenrossmann hi hayden we d like to look into the could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grandpants040 you re welcome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. larryellison shares how oracle s largest customers such as att are beginning to move their on-premise databases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thethirstywench the is most likely a cache issue on your desktop try clearing the browser cache in chrome and i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pmpisch i d be glad to assist you with the issue however to keep you informed our support for linux based comput' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 file reader shellcode 54 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news apple s icloud saved the deleted safari browsing history over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0x54_6f_74_68 pptsapper do you want the total tweet the does work better in german sadly wollt ihr den totalen tweet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update unixodbc suse-su-2018:1832-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking sticky password premium does everything you d expect from a password manager though it lacks advanced features suc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt acotonio k8em0 no doubt that you re right if you ve ever worked state fed you ll have an excellent grasp on the existing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ian_infosec one of the most excellent security companies going these days we love these guys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows media center 6.1.7600 xxe injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new method discovered for cracking wpa2 wi-fi passwords developers of the popular password cracking tool infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why your website is officially not secure from today chrome will mark all http sites as not secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver 6.0.2 6.2.0 6.5 7.0 host database denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sagnavel that s amazing what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews important update google chrome immediately windows mac amp the release of ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser torbrowser 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gstreamer-plugins-base suse-su-2017:0189-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jjstarflyer hmm do you have better luck using a different web browser or is the happening on the app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel chromebackdoor v3.0 the botnet browser backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc code surfaces to exploit apache struts 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress class-wp-rest-posts-controller.php privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity help wordpress.sawbuck.com real or phishing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel portal script 9.33 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'also worth noting that sap themselves in secret shared their source code with the fsb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shakesqueerean welcome to windows 10 which device did you decide to purchase' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_apac first airline security systems and now confidential government information were found for sale on the darkweb ea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel converged security management engine csme active management technology amt multiple vulnerab nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.9.5 tmpfs system fs posix_acl.c simple_set_acl privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2017:0004' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump s pick for national security adviser inappropriately shared classified info w afghan military officers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ret2systems total system compromise is only possible if you can escape the browser sandbox watch as we crack the walls of the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new extortion tricks now including your password thu jul 12th for a while now we have seen infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drawing a dish is special even emotional food illustrators on wordpress reflect on taste and memory:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerabilities in lastpass allowed attackers to steal hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broker accused of netting 5m on inside info about lattice semiconductor chinese broker faces prison if infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update libcap-ng suse-su-2017:0375-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stickerboy uh oh we d like to make your life easier send us your feedback in your built-in windows 10 feedback hub.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate wordpress seo guide for beginners step by step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt glynmoody home office seeks brexit tech boss but doesn t splash the cash cutting corners on the b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office viewer products office compatibility products august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malpate great thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5221 type confusion in libglesv2 in angle in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and lin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avanan discovers new cyberattack targeting online shoppers for workplace office 365 credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla jomsocial sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security online printing business clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thn deal complete linux certification training save 97' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee virus scan enterprise opens linux machines to remote attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update imagemagick suse-su-2016:3258-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yakkoj we re happy to hear everything s running smoothly today which windows apps or features do you currently use the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gvisor sentry invalid access packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows ndis cve-2018-8343 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-2963 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8414 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when the windows shell does not properly validate file p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charliebrownau ixdiego instagram only almost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 iframe remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '6 tips from ac_rocker_boom to meet the expectations of modern consumers oraclesocial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday asuswrt rtac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tenablecareers the uk office celebrated their new fab office space in stockley park learn more london' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trivum multiroom setup tool 8.76 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'devonjwhiteman we re glad you like it have any other apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts poppler vulnerability usn-3757-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3141-1 thunderbird vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivative' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt patrickgtraynor ever plug your phone into an arbitrary charger around the office or at an airport our usesec18 paper shows that w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexhaynes32 hey alex is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'satan ransomware re-emerge amp attack using eternalblue exploit to compromise windows pc satan ransomware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity browser autofill systems are your new security nightmare infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt normative as a group of working-class security guards struggle to survive a senseless terrorist assault on an ordinary office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps viavi movie review id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 ways to empty or delete a large file content in linux occasionally while dealing with files in linux termi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3207-2 linux kernel trusty hwe vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers resurrect decade-old oracle solaris vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress drcsystems ethicsolutions jssor-slider library plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattdevost excellent keynote to start black hat 2018 great examples of driving tangible security change in the technology do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code execution vulnerability apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code exec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamrhodes hey liam let s have you learn how to change which apps run on start up in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel double-free memory error in midi driver lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco asa web interface remote xml command injection cisco-sa-20161116-asa nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neil_neilzone paullomax same weasel words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 moin 2016-d40c768095 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans security a checklist for audit of docker containers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malware infects computers by hiding in browser ad gifs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3443 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday takas classified 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp urges android users to manually backup their chats whatsappers have until 12 november that s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'care about big data analytics better pay attention to splunk and elastic stack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla rsgallery2 1.6 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.4.2 csrf vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook data misuse firm snubs uk watchdog s legal order' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local memory corruption and integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office vulnerabilities used to distribute felixroot backdoor in recent campaign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check point discloses vulnerability that allowed hackers to take over hundreds of millions of whatsapp amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.3 amp amp lt 2.3.34 2.5 amp amp lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap resolves multiple information disclosure flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday august 13th 2018 mon aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2150' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi it there s a bug in windows task scheduler which grants local non-admins system access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smartbear announces testcomplete 12.2 red hat openshift container platform 3.4 and android security team outline' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'x-io reports of our demise have been greatly exaggerated lazarus-like miraculous recovery with chairman infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8650 the mpi_powm function in lib mpi mpi-pow.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 does not ensure that m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wtpscotch please reach us directly via help wordpress.com include which site you re working on as well thanks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is windows 10 s built-in security good enough' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers exploit apache struts vulnerability to compromise corporate web servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debpangdavis hmm have a look at the article about sharing your location in chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alra3ees oracle weblogic server uddi explorer ssrf server side request forgery bug.google dork:-inurl: uddiexplorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hardenedlinux the guard s dilemma efficient code-reuse attacks against intel sgx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worms could spread like zombies via internet of things mcafee security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libsoup2.4 vulnerability usn-3701-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress form maker plugin multiple security vulnera bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrmerdur excellent choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 29 1pm et break silos and respond to threats faster infoblox john_pescatore sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metasploit now has module ms17_010_eternalblue_win8 which works against windows 8 8.1 10 and 2012 without having' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i love those proprietary software vendors using as keywords for their promoted tweet an open source project name i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd slurm insecure handling of user_name and gid fields 3a66cb69-716f-11e8-be54-3085a9a47796 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'interested in developing linux application drivers like a jedi we are offering a training course to help young p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc networker insecure transit packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0084 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to-do for windows 10 is getting another update with new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp warns that google drive backups are not encrypted helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'useful insights on app whitelisting capabilities and real-world limitations of windows defender application control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'demdooma hi there we appreciate your patience we re always looking for ways to improve windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vetexg great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor turns out to be known design feature sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday december 22nd 2016 wed dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security think tank some basic password guidelines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts guccifer 2.0 along with 11 other russian intelligence officers for hacking dnc and hillary clinto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yandex browser 16.6.1.30165 csrf vulnerability yandex browser 16.6.1.30165 csrf vulnerability2 feb 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'noyon123456 mozilla you want reset your password mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hackwithgithub bro powerful framework for network analysis and security monitoring cc bro_ids blackhatarsenal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us may ask travelers to forfeit social media account passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator csv file handling arbitrary command execution sb10227' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dnlongen protip windows eventid 4625 can be interesting especially if the failure status code is 0xc0000072 account is di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn strutszeiro telegram bot to manage botnets created with struts vulnerability cve-2017-5638' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to deactivate all wordpress plugins when not able to access wp-admin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reuters update deputy ag rosenstein says russian officers indicted in special counsel probe installed software to spy on u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5933 citrix netscaler adc and netscaler gateway 10.5 before build 65.11 11.0 before build 69.12 69.123' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-39 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want chrome to be more in-your-face when you visit an unencrypted http site enter chrome: flags in your url' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insurers and data brokers are predicting your health costs based on data about things like race marital status ho' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle customer relationship management technical foundation 12.1.1 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dave_brown24 lockheed martin rolled out its first f-35 for turkey today the ceremony was interesting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome s sandbox feature infringes on three patents so google must now pay 20 million' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues emergency patch for flash zero-day by kellymsheridan adobe patch zeroday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lejatorn gotcha let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3109 vulnerability in the oracle fusion middleware mapviewer component of oracle fusion middl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown centralized versus decentralized marketing s ongoing debate.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ugly-unf-hackable bitfi6 meets officialmcafee own criteria for being hackable bets on cybergibbons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian intelligence officers including guccifer 2.0 for hacking democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt esafetyoffice talk regularly with your child about privacysettings on socialmedia you can t control every aspect of their soci' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cliffordconda98 have you checked out our app collections within the windows store we have a one that is catered specifically to artists.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'betweenthetread for help with the site you ll want to visit the wordpress community forums at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fcunhaster that s great frederico let us know if you ever have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toucan987 epic choice that s music to our ears have you been enjoying any other windows features lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tuktukpro hi yasin the is due to the recent update on chrome we suggest you to send us feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the office assistant insisted we took a quick break before it got too hot ottofit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress twentyfourteen theme default theme full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud ai automation blockchain how are all these new technologies impacting the modern cfo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bit defender authentication token bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teaching an old dog not that new tricks stego in tcp ip made easy part 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we invite you to thinkautonomous join larry ellison on august 7 as he unveils new capabilities in the oracle auto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s 39 degrees centigrade in singapore i would have plugged the fan in to my chromebook .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bbelding we re glad you re having a great experience so far are you currently using windows ink to draw on your screen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db product catalog 8 1.2 unauthenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress formbuilder 1.05 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dantup it s great the campaign is excellent too.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the first data broker law' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd password-store gpg parsing vulnerabilities 53eb9e1e-7014-11e8-8b1f-3065ec8fd3ec nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suleimanaltaf sounds like you re looking for categories by adding categories to your posts wordpress will automat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pegasusepsilon infosec_thn 1 that s security by obscurity and not a good policy2 many progs have root hardco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dahua hikvision iot devices under siege briankrebs security feedly iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars schematics illuminated display that s no moon and that s not garbage the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android application pentest with drozer packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ohmygaasch per larryellison new oraclesoar with machine learning and automation is less expensive offers more accurate dat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sapnachirps theviewfromll2 isn t a the gru officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kitploit xsser from xss to rce backdoor extension javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add sticky posts for categories in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds with pcileech device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-03 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'camdoug1999 great thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thorsheim happy to have both rauxyo amp jpgoldberg from 1password as speakers at passwordscon internetdagarna stockholm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password-stealing eavesdropping malware targets ukrainian government' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yahoo breach i ve closed my account because it uses md5 to hash my password nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity white house withholds cyber-security order for further revision infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nelsonvelazquez we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a game you can play is how specific to make a snort rule the key is to curb evasion and only alert on malicious f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seanwbrooks while there have been recent high-profile examples of activists and journalists targeted with 0days the vast major' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15594 arch x86 kernel paravirt.c in the linux kernel before 4.18.1 mishandles certain indirect calls whic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fluffy_raptor hey emily can we help you with something specific we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux regressions usn-3741-3 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for windows server 2008 august 2018 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 virtualization manager rhsa-2018:2071' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-2390 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin tagregator 0.6 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel ics and apple post patch tuesday alerts and patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google publishes details of windows bug after microsoft misses 90-day project zero disclosure deadli mark wilson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1483-1 389-ds-base security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux x86 selinux permissive mode switcher shellcode 45 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix openssl advisory openssl_advisory27.asc nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux-aws linux-esx linux linux-secure photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0062 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2096-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian released security updates for july and fixed multiple package vulnerabilities debian security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use powershell to investigate windows defender s malware signature definitions database what infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jaredhaight are you a student who would wanted to attend pyrotek3 s and my modern windows attacks and defense class but miss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian ubuntu linux install and configure remote filesystem snapshot with rsnapshot incremental backup utilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3110 a vulnerability was discovered in the java vm component of oracle database server supported' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the dumbest passwords people still use infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity shadowbrokers now selling windows exploits including a 0-day for 750 bitcoin infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internal security education is broken the industry needs to start rewarding employees for great security practice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to upload large images in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google once again publicly discloses windows bug after microsoft fails to patch it google is once infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polygrover we re glad you re enjoying it have any other windows features caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4224-1 gnupg security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gobolinux 016 arrives after 2 years with its own filesystem virtualization tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gumdropcannon hmm okay to help us better understand what make and model of windows device did the occur on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netapp virtual storage console up to 6.2.0 on vmware vsphere certificate weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1038 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dragster2585 music to our ears fred which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln usb pratirodh cve-2017-6911 insecure password storage information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paulszoldra on the day in 1989 chinese army troops stormed beijing s tiananmen square to suppress a pro-democracy movement.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what was your journey into infosec our guest blog from aaronlancaster with rmsource takes inspiration from kung' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclefs thrilled to partner w bhive_eu intellecteu tas_group to roll out our innovation program with european fintechs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14607 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows in a client server configuration transfers customer r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixes six code execution bugs in flash threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4234-1 lava-server security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jlwallen looks at aryalinux which includes either gnome or xfce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tqbf til openssh s default key encryption is so bad you might as well not set a password on your ssh keys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4214-1 zookeeper security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to edgarulloa wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office loader leverages malicious macros to deliver multiple malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libtiff 2018-44c6f91560 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft wordpad lets remote users bypass content blocking restrictions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update rubygem-yard opensuse-2018-707 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local file inclusion lfi testing techniques packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'server message block smb protocol version 1 unspecified rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canonical partners with docker for cloud container management hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cole_alt_delete you can also email training linuxfoundation.org for assistance with any problems with the checkout process.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jameswt_mht using an android chrome user-agent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical rhsa-2017:0184 mysql security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to pas256 fletchman007 eddie_splunk aws devops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter black friday cyber attacks how retailers can protect themselves' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaleelee excellent thanks for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq joomla com_registrationpro component did parameter sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three ideas that could reshape the value of security to your company jonmichaelbrook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin job post confirms windows core os is all about devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla gnosis 1.1.2 component id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows task manager contains local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt karenhquintos every time you take a swing make a connection. powerful words from golf legend nancy lopez on drive amp loving wha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dondreak hmm we d like to have one of our experts look into the further could you post the in the chrome forum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux mint vs ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 hours later my pc is booting again thanks to the diligence of invertedlina windows still can t see 1 drive even though bios can sigh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'https helps prevent tampering between websites and users browsers let s encrypt is a non-profit certificate autho' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how windows 10 s data collection trades your privacy for microsoft s security infosec it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 slackware 14.2 kernel ssa:2018-240-01 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud how carbon builds the world s most innovative sneaker with oracle s modern best practice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 18.04 lts bind9 vulnerability usn-3683-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the oracle cx cloud suite was recognized as a leader in the industry by forrester' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress themes theagency file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'layers upon layers of insanity1 random data broker has database w info about pretty much every us citizen 2 da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openelec 7.0 linux distribution now available for pc and raspberry pi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5570 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ripstech here are the slides for our talk prepare introducing novel exploitation techniques in wordpress from owasp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gpg2 opensuse-2018-640' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother and sister arrested for spying on italian politicians for years two italian siblings have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.18 released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wondering where to head after lunch at bhusa check out splunk s presentation elevating the nerve center with s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jaysonstreet just wow 0_o police teen breaks into home asks couple for wifi password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 qemu-kvm rhsa-2018:2162 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update prosody opensuse-2018-596' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update bash suse-su-2017:0302-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the 2nd annual general assembly is over and we dive into work again today our senior policy officer r_cascella is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out the excellent hackerslist charlestendell show interview with jennifer_arcuri amp myhackerhouse at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284874 windows 10 version 1703 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110490 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scalable vsphere storage with ontap one of the great strengths of ontap has been its ability to scale infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3683-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_chiefseol hi there check out the guide about repairing chrome when it s not responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bro network security monitor 2.5.4 tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberauthority windows 7 end of extended support in jan 2020 17month left major industrial refineries still on windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here is oracle dyn s very own laurentgil being interviewed infosecurity europe come to the strategy talks theatr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security linux wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kernel attack fully compromises windows machines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gstreamer-plugins-good suse-su-2016:3303-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeremychopp that s music to our ears jeremy are you enjoying any other features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4274-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvalsmith slack and whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 60.0 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moizevitchmj yes type about:config in you addressbar and search for browser.newtabpage.columns change to e.g 5 bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shockwave_cd we appreciate your patience updates help keep your device safe and secure how is your device running now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome desktop update mends 36 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghostscript command execution file disclosure memory corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook hey there if you re on the hunt for a new pc let us know we re more than happy to help you pick one out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to find a backdoor in a hacked wordpress site and fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cleanmymac3 local privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alcatel wants to be android but different and another crack at the windows market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canonical announces the new minimal ubuntu os for public clouds and docker hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to secureeb dinosn infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe angers chrome users by bundling browser plugin with security update save web page as pdf extension infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14614 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an out-of-bounds access in _r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress wp google map plugin multiple sql injection bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checkpointsw _odisseus granetman researchers find vulnerabilities in whatsapp that allow to spread fakenews vi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver multiple privilege escalation vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure use powershell to find the history of usb flash drive usage infosec blueteam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qw5kcmv3 i was conflicted on which choice of words -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nickruffilo that s awesome nick we love hearing what great things our users are doing with windows 10 thanks for sharing.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you think . google s ban on cryptomining extensions for chrome will help decrease cryptojackingattacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5953 the swiotlb_print_info function in lib swiotlb.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 allows local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'running docker for alpine here s everything you ever wanted to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shodan now supports finding sap router' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln multiple mcafee products cve-2016-8006 local authentication bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a side-channel vulnerability in googlechrome and mozilla firefox allows drive-by de-anonymization of facebook u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rvasec 2017 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 zero-day is being exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 152096-91 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oneartistchic ah okay we re always here if you have questions how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and configure docker swarm mode on centos 7.x rhel 7.x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1883:01 low samba4 security and bug fix update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an attachment in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerable web apps v4 ubuntu 18 with multiple broken web apps download from:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0108 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mushroomonair we love having users like you when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monishb15 as a general rule if you write great content no matter the length and get the word seo will follow we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'byod 8 ways to protect your company network from unsecured devices cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe acrobat extension for chrome cve-2017-2929 cross site scripting vulnerability acrobat extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'laptop ssd capacity to remain flat as nand flash dearth causes prices to rise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons some folks have useful info tho in response and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update xorg-x11-libx11 suse-su-2016:3054-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office go ahead make my drink go ahead make my drink no seriously we need cocktails while infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows code integrity module hashing error lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins could expose online shoppers on black friday and cyber blackfriday wor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5546 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cybersecurity visionary nir gaist announces expansion of nyotron into the us market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons as i explained to andrea off-line because that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches critical flash player bug with active exploit threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung devices knox extensions otp trustzone trustlet stack buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap sapcryptolib 5.555.38 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digging into a windows kernel privilege escalation vulnerability cve-2016-7255' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cites security in announcing halt to windows 7 support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows smb 0-day risk downplayed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 libtiff openjdk8 ruby photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0013 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'privacy coalition calls for facebook to be broken up the post privacy coalition calls for facebook to be infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehosp points are no longer important hotel guests want personalized guestexperience oracleic17 hotelloyalty' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s the best career advice you have given or received eaboettch shares insights from oracle applications cons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tetrispainter hey there we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat changes its open-source licensing rules' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rodneyrehm thanks for reaching out rodney we suggest posting the in the chrome developer forum for more help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timinroy right on how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter breaking news cio personal password practices place thousands of uk businesses at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update firebird opensuse-2017-279' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-4408 buffer overflow on hikvision nvr ds-76xxni-e1 2 and ds-77xxxni-e4 devices before 3.4.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 ntp elsa-2017-0252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking microsoft patches flaws in windows office edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero trust security has evolved into next gen access. don t take our word for it learn how different companies h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft adding problem reports to the windows 10 diagnostic data viewer in windows 10 insider preview infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12827 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability successful explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news microsoft released adobe flash player fix but didn t patch 2 zero-days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'east of western mobile scripts sqli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:1852' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suricata up to 2.0.5 http request memcmplowercase privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12825 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have a security bypass vulnerability success' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gmillard in tenablesecurity new dublin office for a couple of days amazing to see us move from a small managed office to a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 zsh rhsa-2018:1932' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs true or false mac os malware is a myth.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component com_topics id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alanstevens we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco ios xr default password lets local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2396-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opencart 3.0.2.0 google_sitemap remote denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php deserialization issue left unfixed in wordpress cms vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'time to change password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber forum on prevailing human point threats to gov t agencies forcepoint chief executive officer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.19 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new ways to track internet browsing interesting research on web tracking who left open the cookie jar infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issued security patches for recently discovered spectre and meltdown issues securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle hospitality applications multiple flaws let remote and local users access data remote authenticated users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability linux enterprise worksta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-python-gnupg opensuse-2018-646 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityonion bro 2.5.5 now available for securityonion 14.04 and to the bro_ids team fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel kvm emulate infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update jasper suse-su-2017:0084-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markbrodbeck thanks for the fave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richardstokoe hello richard which version of windows are you seeing the predominantly with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'surrief not via twitter can you contact us at help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gandcrab ransomware puts the pinch on victims by alexandre mundo mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looking for a wordpress plugin that uses our database check out plugin security scanner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive breach at data broker exactis exposes millions of americans' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14615 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a buffer overflo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so phar so fud php flaw puts wordpress sites at risk of hacks vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins could expose online shoppers on black friday and cyber blackfriday word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0x2taylor securityaffairs it was done by a simple sql-injection also scary stuff when it comes down to it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the oracle4girls program in spain celebrates 1 year by providing teachers with the resources to nurture stem tale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for november 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quiteofftopic thanks for the info do you see the same issue when watching the videos in another browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bauermetal that s great we love your enthusiasm let us know if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update php5 opensuse-2016-1338 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just about to start at blackhat meet up with me today only at 1 pm 3 pm at the citrix booth 252 starting wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1836-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit warns users of data breach email pii passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln citrix license server for windows and license server vpx cve-2017-5571 open redirect vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt harvardbiz icymi how to survive your office holiday party on hbrlive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edbott quaplek munin i ve been holding off on the reinstall using the latest iso of windows 10 as an alternati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap patches critical hana vulnerability that allowed full access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bookboutiquem what s happening when you try to like their posts and are you able to like them in a browser just' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get ready to develop your dreams at oraclecode coming early 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews lastpass fixes serious security flaw in chrome firefox extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt slashdot hey everyone linux turns 27 today happy birthday linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nvidia windows gpu display driver 375.x lt 376.67 378.x lt 378.52 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin mfsbgn03810 rev.1 universal cmdb deserialization java objects and csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for wednesday january 4th 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update qemu-kvm on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7298 memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update virglrenderer suse-su-2017:0798-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 16.10 python-cryptography vulnerability usn-3138-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news no honor among thieves crooks seeking ransom for mongodb data someone else stole' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity 2017 webroot threat report reveals dramatic increase in technology company phishing attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dell4good the epeat list by gec_org evaluates sustainable products across a broad range of criteria proud to have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1438-1 opencv security update nessus plugin id 111223 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lalit_horcrux thanks for reaching out lalit since canary is a browser still being developed could you post the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews taiwan brokerage firms receive ddos threats demanding ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability jre windows production relea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps openexpert 0.5.17 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts openssl openssl1.0 vulnerabilities usn-3692-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap travel management cross site scripting vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'magapeach hi there how did the install go we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas free webinar alert fighting cybercrime with fireeye email security powered by oracle cloud iaas 7 17 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to redirect your user s attention with comment redirect in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity whatsapp backdoor turns out to be known design feature infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2848-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla catalog 1.0.7 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital video recorder installers master password list leaked claims if true we re talking remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emporian1 glad you were able to reunite with manny how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2768 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voracle attack can recover http data from vpn connections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theklingon thanks for sticking with us all these years are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windsheep win10 openssh does not support proxycommand or jumphost config but r for a reverse shell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln usb pratirodh cve-2017-6911 insecure password storage information disclosure vulnerability pratirodh cv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schuckster got it could you confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284874 windows 10 version 1703 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110490 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6595 disputed the swarmkit toolkit 1.12.0 for docker allows remote authenticated users to cause a d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with edge notepad remote desktop and sign-in improvements infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local pale moon browser lt 27.9.3 use after free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14071 the geo mashup plugin before 1.10.4 for wordpress has insufficient sanitization of post editor and o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marteh_parteh yay how are you liking windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5609 sql injection vulnerability in include functions_entries.inc.php in serendipity 2.0.5 allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diversity in the cybersecurity was on the agenda when we spoke with grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt yarixsocial misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyberattacks via securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability oracle java se and jrockit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics check it out the all new windowsforensics poster now includes bam dam keys always free to the community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux percpu race condition exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itech multi vendor script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches zero-day flaws in windows internet explorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter muviko video cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shukranaali is there anything we can assist you with we want you to have the best experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'niallgriffin understood how has the rest of your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stephbookreview is the happening inside the editor please save your draft and then clear your browser cache and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin file manager 3.0.1 cross-site request forgery exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mihirius oh no have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them one by one and check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm mq appliance cve-2015-7420 information disclosure vulnerability websphere transformati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component je directory 1.7 ditemid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. ibrahimatlinux shares solutions for common open source compliance woes download the ebook for more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jerryfatora hi jerry is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charlotteyuen can you use another browser to look at the article bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2603-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new felixroot hacking campaign is exploiting old and long patched microsoft office security flaws to create back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive wordpress redirect campaign spotted targeting tagdiv themes and ultimate member plugins scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2923-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter starting page 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt airbusintheus oracleteamusa unveils the ac 50 that will race in the americascup in bermuda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromewebstore policy has permitted cryptocurrency mining in extensions as long as it s single purpose of the ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reported backdoor in whatsapp is in fact a features defenders say at issue is the way app behaves infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update glibc opensuse-2018-600' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas if regulatory compliance isn t a top priority as you move infrastructure and applications to the cloud it should' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition privile 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base opensuse-2017-89' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add jquery tabber widget in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nicoleperlroth just watched foxnews anchors call for a cyber force. yells cyber command at television changes channel.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install microsoft office 2013 in linux make tech easier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jxxf myths that developers believe time zones can be stored as offsets people have first amp last names json is a subset of java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 ding-libs sssd cesa-2018:1877' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps slimaruser management 1.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cloudfoundry announces suse as a platinum member of the foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anik_tm thanks for the kind words be sure to check out the latest features edge has to offer here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows ndis cve-2018-8343 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress form maker 1.12.24 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'micahpaninga we think so learn about the comprehensive ongoing and real-time protection windows defender deliver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2404-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dropbox 54.5.90 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symantec encryption management server lt 3.4.2 mp1 denial of service vulnerability symsa1458 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln piwigo admin plugin.php cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure sniff passwords from interface or pcap file nothing special but easy usage amp amp pritty helpful infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming hello we appreciate your patience with updates how is your device running for you today we re here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3731-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twilighttram hi there have you tried restarting your device and reopening chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ics security the enemy is in the wire by chi3fbrokentoe ics trisis malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat mod_cluster cve-2016-8612 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress custom fields 101 tips tricks and hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just tested it typed the word twitter 3 times the result was: twitteer twiteer twtteer yes i typed ful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases security alert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewtyner sadly we don t use dms here send us a direct email help wordpress.com or through facebook messenger.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity browser security fail infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janikatoryt that s quite impressive what have been your favorite changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wayland wl_connection_demarshal out-of-bounds memory access packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld grab your paintbrush two months until we paint san francisco red oow18' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pow captain america and other marvel heroes defeated by bad passwords nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0174' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 40 off seedprod wordpress maintenance mode plugin use coupon bf16cm blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver application server java remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enefa_a hey there is there anything we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows loaduvstable heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos kernel use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday january 11th 2017 wed jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi public service annoucement defacements exploiting wordpress vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirect campaign infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network time protocol daemon ntpd read_mru_list remote dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2017-0036' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemobile don t miss the ongoing oracle autonomous webcast series covering database integration blockchains chatbots and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd freebsd l1 terminal fault l1tf kernel information disclosure 2310b814-a652-11e8-805b-a4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple mac attacking malware xagent linked to russian hacker group apt28 the malware can steal passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada systems still hopelessly vulnerable to cyberattacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2983 adobe shockwave versions 12.2.7.197 and earlier have an insecure library loading dll hijacking vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why oracle thinks autonomous it can ultimately win the cloud war via paulkway' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i wish the fastest of internet speed for the foia request to the fbi for bronies.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news security updates fix critical vulnerabilities in flash player and shockwave player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware how to stop your files being wrongly tagged as malicious by windows defender atp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7428 ntpd in ntp before 4.2.8p9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service reject broadcast mo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 gst-plugins-good0.10 gst-plugins-good1.0 vulnerability usn-31' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cpaste command::convert bitmapto png heap-based buffe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation the metasploit module exploits a vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patch tuesday is out with fixes for flash player acrobat reader more patches vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql server 5.5.53 5.6.34 5.7.16 myisam unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israel cyber chief s pants analogy for password security deemed well pants theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2018-0017 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network_cat network_cat hi the happens because of historical reasons for example chrome does the too you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware player 12.x lt 12.5.2 drag-and-drop feature arbitrary code execution vmsa-2016-0019 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 postfix euleros-sa-2018-1205 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284874 windows 10 version 1703 june 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atilano_jaime we re so glad you re a fan what are your favorite features on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel3.18.0 denial of service vulnerability sound soc msm qdsp6v2 msm-audio-effects-q6-v2.c in the msm qds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt libyaliberty arizona state lawmaker calls brown people an existential threat to a white nation is it ok to start calling them n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iadoredior you signed up to your account please email help wordpress.com then we can update that for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-1583 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress site owner depending on several user accounts estimate the risk there s a ripstech hotfix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 44.0.2403.89 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.7.4 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0321 security bypass vulnerability cisco prime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rapid7 s brown and beardsley address iot security issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft obliquely acknowledges windows 0-day bug published on twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel fs pipe.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 patch photonos-phsa-2018-1.0-0142 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. sdxcentral chats with arpit joshipura of the linux foundation about where he thinks networking needs to be taken:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee agent cve-2017-3896 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0236' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nuit du hack 2017 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update java-1_8_0-ibm suse-su-2018:1738-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle amp kpmg cloud threat report 2018 key findings of cloud security challenges threats and insights learn m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 glibc elsa-2018-1879' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arlenee__ hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle hyperion flaws let remote users access data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud how retailers can stay relevant today and get ahead of the consumer demand curve of tomorrow:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln joomla aweb cart watching system extension cve-2016-10114 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a hacker broke into a few of reddit s systems and managed to access some user data company says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-0143 the smbv1 server in microsoft windows vista the smbv1 server in microsoft windows vista sp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'viralkiller1 hi thank you for contacting us are you referring to the windows update or dell drivers update do f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 squid cesa-2017:0182' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit cve-2018-4192 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trueonline zyxel p660hn-t v2 router authenticated command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable trackbacks and pingbacks on existing wordpress posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 firefox euleros-sa-2018-1189 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'squigglydigg thank you for the kind words we appreciate users like you let us know if you ever have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome safari opera form autofill can be easily tricked into leaking sensitive data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows font library embedded font processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update openslp suse-su-2018:1916-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamfloridaborn hi there yes you can personalize chrome on your computer with themes hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security updates for vulnerabilities that affects multiple versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 1.5 million webpages defaced by wordpress hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla j-businessdirectory 4.6.8 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create an image gallery in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikeknightsiraq interesting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ez1to3 we re glad you like it are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google marks all http sites not secure starting today with the release of google chrome 68 today infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iftekhardhrubo it s hard to pick just one right how does windows 10 help you get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee and bitfi are a clown car' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux pam 0.6.9 authentication replay vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln libtiff cve-2016-5317 out of bounds write denial of service vulnerability libtiff cve-2016-5317 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narhimaabbas thanks for the love are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows vbscript engine zero-day flaw used by darkhotel hackers group to compromise vulnerable systems a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cellcorner how to bruteforce unlock user password on iphone 7 7 plus with ios 11 via youtube' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robertobaldoni cis_sapienza bug bounty program nella pa coniugare cyber security ed opportunit di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8008 apache storm version 1.0.6 and earlier 1.2.1 and earlier and version 1.1.2 and earlier expose an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download wordpress dreamsmiths themes version 0.0.1 suffers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft sql server clr stored procedure payload execution exploit remote exploits 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux percpu race condition packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdpr compliance technical requirements for linux systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elitetechcs hi matthew which version of windows is the occurring with let s see if we can sort the out for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec suricata ids 3.2.12 ipv4 evasion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how safe are chromebooks from malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberamethyst that s fantastic are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brown pants moment for bluejeans dozens of av tools scream its vid chat code is malware how it all infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq security dsa 3770-1 mariadb-10.0 security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8239 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly discloses th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itech multi vendor script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons the fact thatg you don t believe the headlines s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the zealot campaign was discovered by f5networks to use the apachestruts vulnerability from the equifaxbreach.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1854:01 important kernel security and bug fix update an update for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add odd even class to your post in wordpress themes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need ideas on how to secure devops processes come visit us at dockercon booth s29 can t make it join us next w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tauriqmoosa there are nerdbros saying same sex relations in ac odyssey are historically inaccurate as if homosexuality was inv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lightleague85 ah we re glad to hear that otherwise how has your recent windows experience been for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 30 1pm et qualys webcast stronger security with inventory management mbromileydfir sansforensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt identatron we are hiring for 2 new teaching fellows to join the cranfielddfu team we have:an excellent team 4 df bespoke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'activeshow mod module sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe patches 31 vulnerabilities flash zero-day under attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how to get started using java cryptography securely' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars death star bean bag chair cover that s no moon it s a bean bag cover acquire infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 red hat ceph storage 2.5 rhsa-2018:2261 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ghostscript opensuse-2018-706' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase the world s best database is now world s simplest thinkautonomous autonomousdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the wordpress megahack that wasn t nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability flash player a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338824 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110981 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt feliciaday so i didn t know when i registered my word program and put my company name as your ballz it would show up when i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justienen what is your site and are you using a browser or a mobile app to publish your post' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kxngezlo there s so much to choose from right how is windows 10 helping you get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable selinux on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla spider faq lite 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8249 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when internet explorer improperly accesses objects in me' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitchellclong we love your enthusiasm thanks for the kind words mitchell.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter softmaker office 201x privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so phar so fud php flaw puts wordpress sites at risk of hacks theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux arm reverse shell tcp 4444 shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jason_fenty try these steps right click on the chrome icon in desktop gt properties gt compatibility gt disable scaling on high dpi gt restart chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s new in wordpress 4.7 features and screenshots' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338819 windows 10 version 1803 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter tenable nessus input validation flaw lets remote users conduct cross-site scripting attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle financial services applications flaws let remote users access and modify data and remote authen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'piazza cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2872-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress secretly fixes serious security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my point is:words matter in marketing and security.we have a young but growing information security market that h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'impenetrable applications sound like a miracle to you join the symantec dockercon ecosystem session tomorrow 6 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it security news daily summary 2018-07-13 chrome site isolation arrives to mitigate spectre attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'part of the issue behind the attack is because the ui on the locked windows10 screen now has app functionality eve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'baesoldier sounds like an epic time how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about the just-announced 10 years of support included in new windows10 iot core services offerings:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network does the answer to better security lie in password-less experiences cso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8645 the tcp stack in the linux kernel before 4.8.10 mishandles skb truncation which allows local users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glusterfs rhsa-2018:1955' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ruggerotonelli is docker good for your database via percona blog containers storage persistence mysql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko we ve patched a serious vulnerability in our windows endpoint protection products it sucks to have vulns but we r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle quarterly critical patch updates are out time to patch all things oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 openvswitch phsa-2017-0020 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat 6.0.x lt 6.0.48 7.0.x lt 7.0.73 8.0.x lt 8.0.39 8.5.x lt 8.5.8 multiple vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter stop user enumeration plugin 1.3.4 on wordpress privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markovcicerik we love your enthusiasm erik which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'greg marsden of oracle on the ossummit stage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brett kavanaugh and the starr report how our office drafted the impeachment referral brett kavanaugh infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 samba4 elsa-2018-1883' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201806-02 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation explo 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3689-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'princesskairiii that s odd could you try signing out of your chrome profile and then sig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current bind ssa:2018-222-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zhonghuafy yes we requested a password reset to make sure that there s nothing wrong with your account on our end' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dredpiratrbrts woohoo are you trying it out as a windows insider kyle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'make sure you have different passwords amp 2-factor authentication set up on everything.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 linux denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability ad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday caregiver script 2.57 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'student clusterers blow off steam with vr space shooter at suse booth stay tuned for the final results infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce linux kernel denial of service via gro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris critical patch update jan2017_sru11_3_16_3_0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost fileless uac bypass uses windows backup and restore utility' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday december 12th 2016 sun dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-6951 the keyring_search_aux function in security keys keyring.c in the linux kernel through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proofpoint malwarepatrol malwageddon _odisseus parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 users targeted by phishers employing simple html tricks helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit adobe ek hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create strong passwords and why you should do so infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the microsoft red team which attacks windows like a hacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoomeye iot search engine cached login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua dvrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm execve amp quot bin sh amp quot amp quot bin sh amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arabin_patson that doesn t sound good arabin try performing a hard reset on your chromebook turn off the device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'based on popular nessus technology the is tenableio vulnerability management like never before.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln trend micro serverprotect for linux unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wphealthapp gn3mes1s wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt johnrobb world war iii is a guerrilla information war with no division between military and civilian participation. marshall mcluhan 1970' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theklingon great choice how are you enjoying windows overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacksoncollier7 haha thanks for sharing how has your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome swiftshader texture allocation integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to darryl_macleod howtoforgecom wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat linux malware detect lmd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vpierrev let s have you run the windows update troubleshooter how d that go' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yeezys_6 hi there have you try these steps on your browser go to gt settings gt advanced gt content settings gt coo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday gram post 1.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother_guls we d be thrilled to share some ideas with you what kind of work would you need a new pc for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt andythurai friends i joined oracle cloud oracleiaas i know a lot of skepticism out there about enterprise cloud vendors i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service exploit topic qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securitymb blogged about quite an unexpected bug in a browser in 2018 setting arbitrary headers via crlf injection in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na dsa-3731 chromium-browser security update several vulnerabilities have been discovered in the chromium web' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt soaphornseuo pwned google chrome by lokihardtfull chain exploit sandbox escape array.concat gt extension install gt downloa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'auction website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 xdg-user-dirs euleros-sa-2018-1181 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3001 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earlier have an exploitable use after free v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bradheath usatoday big_cases yup until then check out the recap browser extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt drthenerd the is just another reason why an internal dns firewall is critical windows should never handle dns queries excep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update cairo opensuse-2018-698' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charltonbrooker a british leader would never do anything so unsavoury.bacon sandwich anyone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 engine cross site scripting obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase we re using half of the horsepower in autonomous than we were on-prem. marc caruso cto of applications practic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot targets wordpress with spray and pray a new comment spam campaign links to world cup betting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pdf the privacy implications of browser fingerprint inconsistencies usenix2018 privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recorded future receives splunk certification we re thrilled to announce that our recorded future add-on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot targets wordpress with spray and pray infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security papers injecting sqlite database based applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'antivirus software market 2018 symantec mcafee trend micro avg avast software eset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stevedangerous2 that s amazing steve which features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7558 a kernel data leak due to an out-of-bound read was found in the linux kernel in inet_diag_msg_sctp l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8206 a directory traversal vulnerability in servlet softwareimageupload in the brocade network advisor ve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update libvncserver suse-su-2017:0104-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kersakeun hi kay could you check and let us know if you re able to play videos on youtube while browsing in incog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weirdowizard thanks for the info can you also go here chrome: gpu and see if webgl is enabled keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moving money with opensource javascript check out the video with kborchers and keepcoding' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tbroyles_music thanks for the love trace are you currently a windows 10 user yourself' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new zip slip vulnerability affects thousands of projects including those from google oracle ibm apache pivo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'indeed streisand looks like an excellent way to ease the pain of setting up your own vpn server in a public cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 tiff image data heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin contact form manager cross-site request forgery cross-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9084 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci_intrs.c in the linux drivers vfio pci vfio_pci_intrs.c in the li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting topic wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting risk low text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to eboxnet glatorcom debug_orz wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache vulnerabilities spotted in openwhisk and tomcat scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tyler_bradford i m positively giddy many thanks oraclefreerides and most importantly my excellent driver jim awsreinvent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami mysql55 alas-2018-1068 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rumrum85 sorry firefox isn t working for you in windows linux try these fixes for common issues.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vulnerability topic minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows win32k and other component bugs let remote users execute arbitrary code and local users gain elevated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts tomcat7 tomcat8 vulnerabilities usn-3723-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail nrf17 we are ready to go big meet us booth 2521 for the oracle retail experience amp everything on v16.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress global content blocks 2.1.5 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle rolls out free tool to track health of the internet learn more on zdnet kyork20' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial vulnerability usn-3151-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off soliloquy premium wordpress slider plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt richinseattle we have two code releases for you today windows intel processor trace driver and fuzzflow https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa 2017 sophoslabs sees spike in linux-iot malware security holes in linux-based devices are no longer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof schooled after assigning weak passwords to tutors super user s first name login is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uac bypass and research with uac-a-mola packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i_luv_anime hi there we just wanted to check in did you get windows 10 up and running on your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'songwaveyt no problem how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office buffy the vampire slayer adult coloring book into every generation an artist is born infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_dpo ardikolah koganpage i mean the is a book with a foreword by the iconews amp which the commissioner cal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2007 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebron is like an analyst who was scheduled for too many 1on1s.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clemmurphy what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mgossage we ll pass on the kind words how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience michael' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability microsoft wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adeantap we re glad you re a fan are you enjoying any other features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smallyellowone have you tried a different browser to see if saving drafts uploading are successful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openexpert 0.5.17 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter attacking nosql applications tue dec 6th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oh dear betting giant betvictor apparently leaked a list of its own internal systems passwords online potentiall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vpnfilter malware adds capabilities to exploit endpoints by xiaobing lin mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new bleichenbacher oracle cryptographic attack has been set loose on the world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'planex cs-qr20 command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress cmw-speakers sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6683 exploiting incorrectly configured access control security levels vulnerability in mcafee data loss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if windows 7 s security is so outdated why doesn t microsoft make it as good as windows 10 s why can t infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo fbi recovers whatsapp signal data stored on michael cohen s blackberry infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 doubleagent zero-day hijacks microsoft tool to turn antivirus into malware zdnet latest news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2470-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 8.0.0 lt 8.0.53 security constraint weakness nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 40 off themefuse premium wordpress themes cost 3.14 per theme blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud by 2025 more than 90 of enterprise data will be stored in clouds markvhurd cloudworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for thursday december 1st 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass linux ubuntu suffers from a vulnerability where other users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lukey_91 gotcha let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 podman rhsa-2018:2037' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nscitizenship . oracle volunteers in chicago showered rescue pups with love and affection at pawschicago orclcitizenship' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm domino 8.5.x lt 8.5.3 fix pack 6 interim fix 15 9.0.x lt 9.0.1 fix pack 7 interim fix 1 multiple vu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8457 an elevation of privilege vulnerability in the broadcom wi-fi driver could enable a local malicious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx219378' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lunchtime fun i wrote about the zero day windows task scheduler alpc exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bruce_breton music to our ears we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10 so far.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1404-1 lava-server security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome htmlkeygenelement::shadowselect type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1543-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for tomcat native' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp google map 4.0.4 sql injection wordpress wp google map plugin versions 4.0.4 and below suffer from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284835 windows 10 version 1803 june 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 22nd 2018 tue aug 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla je grid folio sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 perl-dbd-mysql 2016-54fd3bf412 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ayyebeegee hi ana check out the article about checking chrome s connection to a site hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breezyguitar hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows 10 experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity don t start the blockchain revolution without making security a top priority mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office products june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac update your work space with the brand new windows forensics poster explore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity 930gov presenters from oracle will be on hand to deliver key insights on some of the most pressing issues surrou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 bind ovmsa-2018-0252 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scriptless zero-day exploit bypasses linux security features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frankpasquale oh the irony whatsapp privacy policy change 2016 and trying to access the slate article the illus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new samsam ransomware variant requires a special command-line password before it infects a system campuscodi e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microsoft wireless d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juggernaut2311 oh no are you able to run the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln apache http server cve-2016-8743 security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mdennedy chief privacy officer at cisco shares the company s approach to meeting the requirements of gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 mrg rhsa-2018:2396 foreshadow spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats to chatelle_lynch mcafee chro for her inclusion on the diversityfirst s 2018 top 50 most powerful wom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomas_connor great minds think alike how has the rest of your experience with windows been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure linux kernel lt 4.4.0-21 ubuntu 16.04 x64 netfilter target_offset local privilege escalation infosec pentest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryancerbus thanks for the update ryan have you tried replicating the same in another browser and check if it s highlighted let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings deadspin on twitter trump unable to remember words to go see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 redhat-certification rhsa-2018:2373 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the issue impacts several content management systems including typo3 and wordpress as well as widely-used pdf ge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'resane bartar cms sql injection cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dtracker plugin multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how much does it cost to build a wordpress website 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jensercia wordpressdotcom wordpresstechs we have a guide here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update libcares2 suse-su-2016:3287-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2436 executing transaction wrck in sap r 3 enterprise retail ehp6 does not perform necessary authorizati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 wget phsa-2017-0047 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase oracle autonomous database is by far the best database in the world and it just got better because it just got' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_fsf component catid parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2944 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'salamismail thanks for your patience salam allow us to help which version of windows are you currently working on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows enterprise mode site list 1 2 xml injection microsoft windows enterprise mode site list manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '31c0n call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paulemberg hi there that s unusual have you tried restarting the device and relaunching chrome to see if that he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office loader leverages malicious macros to deliver multiple malware securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more examples of microsoft and its patent trolls taxing linux even after microsoft joined paid the linux f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green attacking nosql applications advertise on it security news read the complete article infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drummerking155 we love hearing that we d love to see what you ve created how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to arunvelsriram blikenoother wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 memcached euleros-sa-2018-1177 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jennipixels we re happy to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday quadz school management system 3.1 uisd parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache http server cve-2016-5387 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 phpmyadmin 2017-360e912fdb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt csfi_dcoe microsoft windows zero-day vulnerability disclosed through twitter zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter old linux kernel code execution bug patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1954-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp telegram flaw allows takeover for millions of accounts attackers can access victims personal infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities 2da838f9-9168-11e8-8c75-d8cb8abf62dd nessus plugin id 111362 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jordynpike music to our ears are you enjoying any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asiahitgroup returns with new billing-fraud campaign by raj samani mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft begins testing of the your phone app in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1826 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fabletelle hmm just to confirm are you experiencing the in different browsers as well also are you using a de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook osquery code signing bypass macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle drops plans for solaris 12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breezyguitar we re happy to hear everything s working properly now how has the rest of your windows experience been recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattblaze block bros are here to make you feel like an expert who happens to be a minority on the internet i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the second day of infosecurity europe is underway visit oracle dyn s stand c230 to discover our intelligent web a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zlukow what is the site s url that error looks like it s on a self-hosted wordpress site we re not able to help with those.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krismunro your media library to show the actual images the browser editor does.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a weightwatchers exposure was caused by a kubernetes administration console not being password-protected but the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps pagekit 1.0.10 password reset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5579 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps sap netweaver as java bc-bmt-bpm-dsk xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.82 remote code execution vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.82 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified buffer overflow vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kazoolist hi there can you let us know what version of chrome you re using to check go to your address bar amp type in chrome: version.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt talk_to_the_hat princess leia lost her entire planet father husband and son and been abandoned by her brother and yet has never b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0495-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 drupal8 2016-dbbd3d43fe nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress comments import amp amp export plugin amp lt 2.0.4 csv injectio 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptolulz hacked the website of the russian embassy of armenia the black hat hacker cryptolulz broke infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alternative spin smb1 automated removal coming in next windows release.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'post pagination how to split wordpress posts into multiple pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip oracle java se vulnerability k81223200 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update squid suse-su-2017:0128-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protecc_ylona yes we suggest trying the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uncovering the inner workings of eyepyramid two italians referred to as the occhionero brothers have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what are web application firewalls and why are they so important today pop by oracle dyn s stand c230 at infosecur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how my mcafee internship launched my career by ruby digital media specialist it s often assumed that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wordpress flaw exploited for remote code execution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows common log file system driver bug lets local users bypass security restrictions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default router password leads to spilled military secrets nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 freetype2 binutils photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0058 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to davidjasonball suselinux_fr manningmeap devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a featured image in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1390-1 procps security update nessus plugin id 110312 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 moin vulnerabilities usn-3137-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emnems003 that s quite long time we appreciate your loyal support are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-7200 an ssrf issue was discovered in openstack glance before newton the copy_from feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'presenting the oracle micros tablet 720 oraclehosp s newest mobile device purpose-built for hospitality:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches password-related vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analaighblog1 that looks great how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts gnupg vulnerability usn-3733-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deep analysis of the online banking botnet trickbot one month ago we captured a word document infected infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robjwells understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'servisscaitlin that s great news how s your experience with windows 10 going so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create sticky floating sidebar widgets in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yorickkoster bofheaded yes but the working from office is new infos yes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb16-37 multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security papers i know where your page lives de-randomizing the latest windows 10 kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm kenexa lms on cloud cve-2016-8928 unspecified sql-injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neverlandvicki hi vicki tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts vulnerability exploit blueprints already online infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for internet explorer june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter browser-based malware evolution and prevention' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco nx-os nxapi multiple vulnerabilities. nessus plugin id 110688 with critical severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s a 3rd-party utility that disables a number of risky windows features including windows script host autorun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mercer eases deployment and improves performance up to 45 with oracle database appliance:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows mail client embedded url processing flaw lets remote users obtain potentially sensitive ip add' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'groupon clone script 3.01 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343902 security update for adobe flash player august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux percpu race condition race conditions exist on percpu refcounts on struct mount' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wordpress to require hosts to support https infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4276-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xplora oraclechanginglives by making it easier for kiva to provide loans that empower underprivileged people to make their dreams come true.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft employees explain why all windows drivers are dated june 21 2006 have you ever noticed that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons correct my bad i m not sure about those breakpo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4218-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday august 16th 2018 thu aug 16th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome extensions android and ios apps caught collecting browsing data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'radio free linux linuxjournal do a web search for linux radio station and the pickings are slim indeed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity state security and social media is big brother following you infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rtorrent 0.9.6 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss bpm suite 6.3.2 bypass a restriction or similar csrf vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb shellcode linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq cve-2015-1730 msie jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption details and poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown fuel your high value marketing team by thinking differently.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8819 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pinterest saw a 2x sales lift from earned media with oracle oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'very important new extension you can now customize the colors of all your browser elements and share your new th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobiketa complete mobile marketing 3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 security vulnerabilities that broke the world wide web in 2016 information security is a subject in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5737 the gerrit configuration in the openstack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt juanandres_gs procurement officers keep your next-gen av honest make sure you insist on a turing test make ai interestingagain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1422-2 linux security update spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so long and thanks for all the fixes erpscan left out of credits on oracle bug-bash list app security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk researchers warn of serious wordpress php flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. deborahmeaden s advice for biz agility don t lose perception stay engaged stay interested you can t automate good judgement oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers re-emerge with nsa s secret exploits for sale having failed in its attempt to auction infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one million broadband offline in germany external influence blamed networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches critical flaws in ios xe and prime collaboration provisioning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1473-1 otrs2 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out shawnp0wers search for a gui docker via linuxjournal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor virtual network tunneling tool 0.2.8.10 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'users reuse passwords on massive scale despite warnings from experts study shows user names and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp nessuna backdoor smentita la falla nella sicurezza' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removes inline installation option for chrome extensions infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bartmallio cnoanalysis jfslowik we use a variety of tools including excel confluence and onenote it s importa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eitest corners chrome users with social engineering delivers fleercivet trojan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity is your windows 10 migration strategy leaving you vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. rabimba explains how webvr lets you build vr experiences in the browser ons2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities adobe flash player apsb18-19 mul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft shares telemetry data collected from windows 10 users with 3rd-party thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharmadinbandhu we re glad you re enjoying them dinbandhu how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows .library-ms information disclosure library description files are xml files that define' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three types of business risk on the path to success: oraclestartup startup entrepreneurship' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the missed schedule post error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7268 microsoft word 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 word 2010 sp2 office compatibility pack sp3 word viewer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barack_mcbush acedtect googlechrome joshdwalrath ginagrad gigastacey chromiumdev teksavvycsr do you have av' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hey windowsinsiders preview build 17682 is all about making life easier easier to browse frequent apps easier t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1511 execute code overflow vulnerability windows 10 1511 execute code overflow vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy chrome 68 day http sites will now be marked as not secure in chrome we applaud the googlechrome team as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mooolive excellent choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new post command and control browser pentestlab redteam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for the latest in the smartercx womenintech series anasuya strasner vp of strategy amp biz dev for oracle s nort' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amuse832 ah understood could you share the make and model of your windows device we d like to take a deeper look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the worst passwords of 2016 are as lazy as ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins could expose online shoppers on black friday and cyber blackfriday wor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smokunopico excellent what are your thoughts on the lenovo ideacentre y900' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cindygallop 12 excellent startup advice points from msuster 1 from vantage point of being able to see hundreds of companies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8944 aix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4482 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zpring sen wyden urges ban of adobe flash for gov use via threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sousou creating a functionally safe linux is a bigger problem than smaller rtos lfelc openiot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft windows kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zate hacks4pancakes i couldn t believe the splunk costs when i heard them i put in microsoft oms in my last plac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no credentials provided nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter packet storm new exploits for may 2018 the archive contains all of the 282 exploits added to packet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bevy of android apps harbor hidden malicious windows executables after researchers found more than 100 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft sharepoint server august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamewolfforeal understood we re glad to hear that how has the rest of your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3222-1 imagemagick vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its deriva' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 55 now blocks flash uses html5 by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee has shut down its url shortening service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securonix wins record-setting 20 info security products guide global excellence awards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd memory leak in different components efe43d2b-8f35-11e8-b9e8-dcfe074bd614 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4254-1 slurm-llnl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1445-1 busybox security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to downgrade a package in ubuntu ostechnix a simple guide that describes how to downgrade a package to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 packagekit cesa-2018:1224' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center why firewalls are not recommended for securing scada systems techrepublic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new azorult malware spreading via office documents steals to credentials amp launch ransomware attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat openshift container platform 3.4 improves storage eweek new release of red hat s enterprise-grade co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts nasm vulnerabilities usn-3694-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap netweaver as java 7.4 myservlet denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stacijaime you can email passwordhelp wordpress.com but they re just going to ask you for the same information re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt moriarty_meng omg look what i got - simply add a registry entry value uac free on windows 10 1803 then we can make our vbsc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb arbitrary command execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2094 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 5 6 firefox elsa-2017-0459' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'illinois veteran excels at cybersecurity competition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by worldtravelguide holidaysmart cms sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dralisonstweets einsteinsattic my wife received the same email it contained the password she used for an ed service.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers can exploit flaws in mcafee enterprise software for root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the double-edged sword of artificial intelligence in security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'article directory script seo 3.2 insecure direct object reference packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-144 cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 curl glibc phsa-2017-0048 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for may 2018 exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited keep your wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps just another video script 1.4.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'civilluxe elsewhere are for sites using the self-hosted wordpress software see' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tab hoarder us too that s why we launched multi-process browsing in firefox check it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah papers blogposts tutorials for learning about windows kernel exploitation internals amp r b ootkits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 xmlrpc3 elsa-2018-1779 nessus plugin id 110277 with high severity synopsis the rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-25 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markimus thanks for the info can you let us know what version of chrome you re using to check type in chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacking nosql applications tue dec 6th in last couple of years the mean stack mongodb express infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nation state cyber attack are an act of war senior british law officer thinks hostile states targeting essential' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crowdstrike appoints paul shinn as chief legal officer crowdstrike announced the appointment of paul infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps hotel booking script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee calling bitfi unhackable may have been unwise but it was great marketing the unhackable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update exempi suse-su-2018:2067-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu linux up to 15.04 overlayfs privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web security firefox add-on is secretly collecting user s browser history the mozilla foundation has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newky_brown we re always looking for ways to improve have you shared your thoughts with us here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3936 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1 2018 0312' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7878 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'making windows 10 a bit less creepy common privacy settings wed jan 18th microsoft regards infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office boss babes coloring and activity book for windy days at watchpoint gibraltar the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fridayfeeling fridayreads tgif flashbackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sentrifugo hrms 3.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desh universal cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious chrome extension punishes users with tech support scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coming to a podcatcher near you soon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10196 debian_linux libevent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elo elektronischer leitz-ordner 9 10 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danoventa are you liking everything so far let us know your thoughts on windows pro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update tiff suse-su-2018:1835-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blueteamvillage time to spread the word all coms are out for talks workshops and volunteers see you all at btv defcon26 btv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'croomsconnell we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images have any other new features caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5546 the svpn and policyserver components of the f5 big-ip apm client prior to version 7.1.7.1 for linux a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sundar29547205 thanks for being a fan are you a current windows user sundar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'army research lab teams up with uber the army research lab the university of texas at austin and nasa infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1879:01 moderate glibc security and bug fix update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexb1398 hi alex how is everything running for you at the moment we here if you have any questions at all about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'planex cs-w50hd hardcoded credential packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2391-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keralainfotech sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2008 r2 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability microsoft windows server 2008 r2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5203 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking 12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacking democratic party emails' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft lost in court over windows 10 upgrades' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity webroot quarterly threat update 84 percent of phishing sites exist for less than 24 hours infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12826 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability suc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a separate page for blog posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update qemu-kvm on sl7.x x86_64 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-626 adobe flash movieclip swapdepth use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability the vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cotivity that s an excellent list joseph we re happy to hear everyone in your family enjoys it have any other' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3729-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 qemu-kvm cesa-2018:2462 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking ubuntu linux distro exploiting the crashdb code injection issue securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln foxit reader for linux unspecified stack buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java system solutions sso plugin for bmc myit 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass cve-2018-10507 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3746-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diw1981 for self-hosted wordpress sites like you have the best place to get help is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyprusbiz the 100 most searched keywords on google in the past year infographic via socialmedia2day internet search' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jay5026 music to our ears jay which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hyounpark dbas update your resumes oracle announces the availability of oracle autonomous data warehouse cloud database vi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a custom class in wordpress menu item using conditional statements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simon_ball46 thanks for sharing with us the feedback you provide allows us to make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to sandeeplinux natashell666 wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'publicly disclosed windows vulnerabilities await patches threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dive_monkey i use that the password in question is not on any of those reported breaches.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user impersonation vulnerability apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ansible 2018-b619637e45 nessus plugin id 110670 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techcrunch oracle launches autonomous database for online transaction processing by ron_miller' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mispproject misp 2.4.93 released including a matrix ui for mitreattack framework to add or browse statistics of techniques use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perfectphase pretty neat right are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome starts marking all http sites as not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 xmlrpc alas-2018-1041 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashpoint launches ransomware response amp readiness service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medical clinic website script admin_giant username password sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter your browser might be filling in hidden fields and giving away your secrets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 jenkins jenkins-remoting 2016-368780879d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps mini cms 1.1 name parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter holding shift f10 during windows 10 updates opens root cli bypasses bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tariff war of words with china resulting in cyberattacks against the u.s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass fixes serious password leak vulnerabilities networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8396 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keepersecurity thanks was graham one of the most common passwords -p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.635 denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability adobe fl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support hacking opcatalunya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steeephiii hi stephanie you can find all the latest information about chrome releases here hope the info helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openstack glance cve-2017-7200 security bypass vulnerability openstack glance cve-2017-7200 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you know all of the terms on the list dockerglossary by containerblog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you may want to update your browser in the next 9 days nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh client installed nessus plugin id 110292 with info severity synopsis a remote access client is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201807-02 passenger multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 111225 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i can t get the word s simpliest yara rule to trigger and i m gradually going insane it won t work with or withou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt abcsydney mobs of emus have marched into broken hill in far west new south wales running laps of the main street eating gar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress form maker 1.12.24 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schneier warns of perfect storm tech is becoming autonomous and security is garbage tel aviv treated infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4266-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 vagrant 2016-5a625412c2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm kenexa lms on cloud cve-2016-8928 unspecified sql-injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off css hero easiest way to customize your wordpress site limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player bugs let remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide on how to restore wordpress from backup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 3:mariadb 2018-86026275ea nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x86 executable directory search shellcode 130 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jayeshadhyaru have you tried clearing your browser cache and cookies and using a different connection i can upload images to your site.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1085 openshift-ansible before versions 3.9.23 3.7.46 deploys a misconfigured etcd file that causes the ss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt x0rz til default openssh rsa key uses md5 password iv :8 to derive the aes key uh-oh that s really bad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how oracledatacloud is changing the game for women in the tech industry with impact our first employee re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it biz embezzlement brouhaha leaves bloke with 456k migraine theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux linux hacking kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benjhaisch hi benj does the only happen in chrome try using incognito mode let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2069-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2020-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.10 linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3152-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4228-1 spip security update nessus plugin id 110537 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache servers under attack through easily exploitable struts 2 flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ghostscript opensuse-2018-706 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'built-in lazy loading lands in google chrome canary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla je awd song 1.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor what is wrong in the last whatsapp backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9083 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 allows local users to bypass integer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1471-1 kamailio security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla catalog 1.0.7 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to gain encrypted email on the chromebook if you ve been waiting for encrypted email to arrive on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yorickkoster bofheaded yah since the works across all office versions the has some malicious uses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'job portal script 9.11 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases remote push to install feature in windows 10 store app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netrainc uses oracle cloud infrastructure to help businesses make sense of the tsunami of digital imagery on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current openssl ssa:2018-226-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'viscosity for windows 1.6.7 priviege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'announcing new options for sql server 2008 and windows server 2008 end of support it s incredible how infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco webex browser extension remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mbromileydfir looking forward to chatting with virustotal today on using yara for investigations and malware tracking join me t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1248 debian_linux vim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity white house considering demanding social media passwords for certain travellers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jreidenberg joeprof oh the irony' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5880 splunk web in splunk enterprise versions 6.5.x before 6.5.2 6.4.x before 6.4.5 6.3.x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'littlekibu hi there have you tried the steps in the article to repair chrome let us know we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'special counsel robert mueller has charged 12 russian intelligence officers for hacking democratic organizations d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unhackable bifti crypto wallet from john mcafee what s all the fuss about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update open-vm-tools suse-su-2017:0702-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress ultimate product catalog 4.3.11 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security bulletins begone as we approach february 14th the lyrics of a great everly brother s song infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'omg biases here are some clarifications that i shouldn t have to make:i was already a linux dev i was not in mar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office the go-to platform for zero-day exploits by kellymsheridan microsoft office zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt artem_i_baranov windows exploitation in 2016 is out pdf windows security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 thunderbird rhsa-2018:2251' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lecoeursec that s quite the throwback are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami java-1.8.0-openjdk alas-2018-1039 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-057 oracle java uninitialized memory remote code execution vulnerability the vulnerability allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0282-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chris_willz ah understood are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you re currently running we d li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'entongpakitong we re glad you re enjoying the windows spotlight images how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 red hat jboss web server 3.1.0 rhsa-2017:0455' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'who s watching you before fbi director james comey triggered an election eve firestorm last month he infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly add javascripts and styles in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'htotheizzoh thanks for confirming give these steps a try open google chrome and go to gt settings gt advanced gt s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201701-51 dbd::mysql multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hadoop couchdb next targets in wave of database attacks threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3503 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwned with 4 lines of code security researchers warn that industrial scada systems are still hopelessly insec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'outsh1ned the wordpress database is exposed nothing particular important just bad optics for privacy regulator.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle . sxsw public voting is now open cast your vote for kyork20 s session you vs the internet outsmart network vo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-4230-1 redis security update nessus plugin id 110571 with high severity synopsis the r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi recovers whatsapp signal data stored on michael cohen s blackberry infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add content in your wordpress rss feeds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_7_0-openjdk opensuse-2018-637' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3666-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charrlittle sure please email us at help wordpress.com you can send the screen shots as attachments.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security esnc infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser side-channel flaw de-anonymizes facebook data threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update samba suse-su-2018:1687-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper x lt 3.4.10 3.5.x lt 3.5.4 missing authentication remote quorum joining vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansappsec need to brush up on your owasptop10 knowledge we ve got you covered join johullrich in amsterdam the sept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1436-1 gosa security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter internetburo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crazy_crypto john mcafee is accusing some ppl of stealing 62m from him one is gemcrypto someone that has helped me more than' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure linux post exploitation cheat sheet infosec pentest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegrugq have you worked in a large company java is everywhere etc legacy tech for the win.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability image gallery plugin html injection v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to sangfroidweb ashleyjwil sharecropping wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new .net ransomware shrug2 encrypts files around 76 different extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday viavi movie review id parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3743-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eubankstaging for which site account are you trying to reset the password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds with pcileech mac hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 mysql phsa-2018-1.0-0170 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create custom taxonomies in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft .net framework august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4215-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network dridex returns with windows uac bypass method' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kvm suse-su-2018:1479-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google santa code signing bypass macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lisawink07 wordpress hi there you can report a site to our terms of service team at if' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt infosecmetalgod achievement unlocked i just learned how to get splunk to automatically order a pizza when an alert fires i have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox 49.x lt 50.0.1 http redirect handling same-origin policy bypass nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8630 the x86_decode_insn function in arch x86 kvm emulate.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb if you got one of these please send it to me:lorenzo franceschi-bicchierai vice media 49 s 2nd stbrooklyn ny' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bucketdown hi there what happens when you re trying to download chrome on your device is there an error message keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7275 microsoft office 2010 sp2 2013 sp1 2013 rt microsoft office 2010 sp2 2013 sp1 2013 rt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikhail_khusid jepaynemsft advanced auditing 10 2016 security auditin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component os property 3.0.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 .net core on red hat enterprise linux rhsa-2018:2167' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy home alarmanlagen-set mas-s01-09 cryptographic issues packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-137 important security update for windows authentication methods 3199173 version 2.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tarah dear defcon bsideslv blackhatevents i m hiring at splunk take your pick from hacks all the things amp fights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-173 microsoft edge javascript parsing uninitialized pointer remote code execution vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dr_j_r_c hi justin take a look at these helpful tips on using accent characters in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts tomcat7 tomcat8 vulnerabilities usn-3665-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2392-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robbinsrun we think it s a great idea check how much other users enjoy the facebook app on windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssl 1.1.0 remote client denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada sql slammer worm makes a comeback 14 years later' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells banks to migrate atms from windows xp by june 2019 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows task manager contains local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1058 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chestacreations we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot strikes talos and flashpoint respond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'has office depot claimed your pc had a malware infection when it didn t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redforestqueen great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-22 coreutils arbitrary code execution nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamma239 wonderful thanks for checking back with us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sdtimes developerweek keynote shows oracle s cloudy future' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ashbndc if you need help finding a windows laptop let us know we d love to share our top picks with you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update python suse-su-2018:1786-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5985 lxc-user-nic in linux containers lxc allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1954:01 important glusterfs security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'torbrowser firefox remote use-after-free fbi s exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat quickstart cloud installer remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews wi-fi password hacking becomes easier with a new attack on wpa wpa2 wireless network protocols' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update openjpeg2 suse-su-2016:3270-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows reuse shellcode based on socket s lifetime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need xmas ideas try cve-2015-7645 a flash gift that keeps on giving who the hell needs zero days a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 152098-91 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kristofera eduardopozo dmini rdp you land directly on the gui of a windows server as admin use tscon to hija' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paulnemitz the most interesting research project on law and technology about to take off under the lead of mireillemoret a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash 24.0.0.186 code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new windows malware wants to add your pc to a botnet or worse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2843-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voltikcarly that s awesome let us know how the install goes we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows .library-ms information disclosure exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9650 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-7187 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 11 webpage obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft declares summer s windows 10 upgrade fit for business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress gallery images cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misspoonchbaby hi there what s going on with google chrome could you tell us more about it we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new fingerprinting techniques identify users across different browsers on the same pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity access to airport s security system sold on dark web mcafee tip techmeme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer to run shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microhard systems 3g 4g cellular ethernet and serial gateway arbitrary file attacks packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'also if that is your password please don t own up to it in the thread just go change it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swiftonsecurity because it s actually possible to do more meth than the amount which resulted in java.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nick_bdge hi there could you tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chadbelfordits thanks for sharing the with us chad do you have any other essential tips and tricks for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel execute code bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability linux kernel execute code bypass a restr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rsasecurity you only have one genetic identity and if stolen it can t be updated like a password warns rsa s knowlesrashmi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkolsek enigma0x3 that was just for office365 on certain subscriptions the is in windows now.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eurcvision what kind of features are you looking for in a laptop we can make a recommendation that suits your needs.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aussie_sunset we re glad to have you back when did you first use windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isis is watching you is hacking team shares access to security cameras around the word i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada google and microsoft herald death of flash with default browser blocks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief us might require social media passwords bbm opens to developers uber rapped' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks hires chief security information officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup ufw firewall on ubuntu and debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sircheeseeditor aw thank you how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emprendeanonimo hi can you try from a different browser to see if that is the problem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0 infose' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3728-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking talktalk and post office customers lose internet access as routers hijacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 openslp cesa-2018:2240' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 of the top 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one of the most dangerous words on the internet is free nothing is really free check out the video:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off wpforms drag amp drop wordpress forms builder use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'san francisco s muni public transit ticketing system shut down by hddcryptor ransomware attack:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to view and control wordpress cron jobs from the admin area' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers can attack patient monitoring systems to alter vital signs in real time mcafee s advanced threat infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avant browser remote dos exploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 spice rhsa-2017:0254 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you need to stop ignoring that java update your system keeps telling you about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero-day flaw disclosed via windows twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast packet pushers priority queue pq show 105 will 5g improve rural broadband' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shefindstruth we re here with you every step of the way angie let us know if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hints of microsoft s modular windows core os spotted in latest sdk microsoft has not officially revealed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3767-1 mysql-5.5 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to attritionorg artem_i_baranov ruggerotonelli wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple fails to remove deleted safari web browser histories from icloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wavethrough bypassing modern browsers security policies with audio files amp service workers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2013-5653 afpl_ghostscript debian_linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce windows privilege escalation via secure boot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0236 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'never mess with a sysadmin happy sysadminday 2018 from everyone here at the linux foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leerdustin what s happening to make you say that dustin we want you to have a great experience with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-7482 in the linux kernel before version 4.12 keberos 5 tickets decoded when using the rxrpc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angnicsmi121 please send us an email to help wordpress.com with subject line twitter help 390234 please include the exact error message.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a packed house to hear co-ceo s markvhurd and safra catz speak at oracles employee summit oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt action091 the works against windows 10 systems even if they have disabled netbios and llmnr o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8916 unverified password change vulnerability in change password in synology diskstation manager dsm bef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8405 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 openjdk8 phsa-2018-2.0-0077 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to secmash reymonzon srita_karen security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2071-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm_divetodie we re happy to hear things are running smoothly are you enjoying any new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps busewe 1.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1438-1 opencv security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3684-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'submit a speaking proposal for the open source leadership summit in beautiful lake tahoe the feb due in dec 14th:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu sprites above storms over austria and hungary last night report martin popek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is it safe to share the password to your bank account with an app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'greencms 2.3.0603 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 blink privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump s cyber-security tsar was caught up in a hack attack and now his private password can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the word hack is meaningless and should be retired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows alpc local privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why the office of the future will demand stronger security for enterprise solutions and personal mobile devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity john kelly social media passwords may be required of visa applicants infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt teamoracle thank you aopa for a truly remarkable night photos courtesy of aopa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 40 off seedprod wordpress maintenance mode plugin use coupon bf16cm blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsecvideos blackhat windows api exploitation recipes for red blue teams process listing api wtsenumeratep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability linux kern' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fromthedale hi ben we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress form maker plugin multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3739-1 tomcat8 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability retired infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4227-1 plexus-archiver security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1395-1 php-horde-image security update nessus plugin id 110664 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'survey javascript is the most-used language but java is the most popular' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to style each wordpress post differently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sudo on red hat linux readline handler information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt citizenlab a new paper by jeffrey knockel grayops and lotus_ruan reveals how censored chinese keywords are incorporated int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sapphonica we re glad it was able to lower disk usage let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polarisforsure is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qubes os r2 rc2 debian template ssled wiki badusb and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1922 qemu aka quick emulator built with the tpr optimization for 32-bit windows guests support is vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the massive new update for halo 5 forge lets gamers easily find and play multiplayer matches free on windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer mshtml cdispnode::insertsiblingnode use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to give office 365 apps a makeover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nachosaretasty we re happy to hear everything is running smoothly are you working on any cool projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip mysql vulnerability k73828041 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aarxn82 oh no have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them and check if it works' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disk savvy enterprise 9.1.14 get buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 file reader shellcode 54 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4219-1 jruby security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress 4.3.0-4.7.1 cross-site scripting xss in posts list table' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity russia-linked turla group uses new javascript malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update bind opensuse-2017-114' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je awd song 1.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mhmuds3dua07 excellent which new features are you enjoying the most so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gopro slashes 15 of workforce shuts down entertainment division' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin corner ad 1.0.7 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the wild adobe issued security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'australia not immune to a cyberstorm assistant cyber minister in his national press club address infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'number of mongodb ransom attacks peaked 27 000 in a day mongodb ransom attacks soar according to the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 ruby1.9.1 ruby2.0 ruby2.3 vulnerabilities usn-3685-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.194 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sayrielle that s awesome how has your overall windows experience been going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-546 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matt_timblin tinkersec i quite like the ir flash bulb triggers that the british taught a provo asset bomb maker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'code42 s data security platform reduces user downtime and costs for windows 10 migrations helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'managing macos users with filevault with the introduction of macos high sierra apple has broken the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber criminals targeting healthcare orgs ftp servers fbi s cyber division has sent out another infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15471 an issue was discovered in xenvif_set_hash_mapping in drivers net xen-netback hash.c in the linux ke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na_yeem hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dashbuilder project dashbuilder execute code sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday july 30th 2018 mon jul 30th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is excerpt in wordpress how to add excerpt in posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dual dhcp dns server 7.29 on windows buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new samsam variant requires special password before infection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdpr will require at least 75 000 data protection officers graemeburton' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the sneaky windows malware delivers adware and takes screenshots of your desktop security privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenjmahon at the oracle netsuite event exciting times for our erp customers oraclenetsuite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 java-1.8.0-openjdk alas-2018-1039 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver cve-2017-0449 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'press shift f10 during windows 10 upgrade to launch root cli amp bypass bitlocker if your computer s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcic honors institutions excelling in credit information management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerability usn-3219-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 gnutls linux openjdk openjre phsa-2017-0016 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 thunderbird elsa-2018-2252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms cve-2017-5345 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tompetrocelli hi tom thanks for sharing your excitement with us how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:java-1.8.0-openjdk-aarch32 2018-579ff80ed8 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft removes sets tabbed windows feature from next release' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tigervnc suse-su-2017:0519-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fattswindstorm hi i have sent you a direct message.-shalvi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_odisseus granetman fabionatalucci critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'caseyjohnellis aditya_gujar so creepy one-word warnings are your strategy for understanding it that sounded like' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday phpback 1.3.1 sql injection cross-site scripting vulnerabilities 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3726-1 imagemagick security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft urges enterprises to say farewell windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'venkatjoshi1 we thought so too venkat how have you been enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.8.2 denial of service overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mysql multiple vulnerabilities 909be51b-9b3b-11e8-add2-b499baebfeaf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2511-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows cortana is your holiday helper minecraft adds a new cartoon texture pack amp more windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3302 crash in libmysqlclient.so in oracle mysql before 5.6.21 and 5.7.x before 5.7.5 and mariadb through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3767-1 mysql-5.5 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt damianrath severe php exploit threatens wordpress sites with remote code execution security cybersecurity linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress party hall booking manager sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress sites targeted in world cup-themed spam scam spammers using a spray amp pray approach to post infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'randall79790147 that s great are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sailpoint s identityiq extends identity governance for aws and sap environments helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3758-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a preview of the new linux security fundamentals course in the tutorial series' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'today at securityweek s 2018 ciso forum thesecureword of edgewisenet talks about zero trust cisoforum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uxgaurav thanks for the feedback we re always looking to improve do you mind telling us which version of windows you re currently using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top story autofill browser feature gives thieves your private information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asjkhgfsjfg excellent choice which features or extensions are you enjoying the most in microsoft edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zend framework up to 1.12.19 zend_db_select sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator now available on aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome desktop update mends 36 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamdeedra143 hi deedra how are things running for you after the update we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phase ii centers of excellence solicitations are out usda and gsa pushed out requests for proposals to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo announced that broadcom flaws were affecting many controllerchips found in lenovothinkpads discover what' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter business directory script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sonicwall global management system xmlrpc packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity swarm mode features buzz around docker security concerns infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla paypal ipn for docman 3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1809-1 important phpmyadmin infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oss_security re libc realpath buffer underflow cve-2018-1000001 expolit source code for suse 12 sp2 posted by halfdog on jul 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 3.20 binary release tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news linux hardening a 15-step checklist for a secure linux server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4266-1 linux security update security dsa 4266-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7688 a missing permission check in the review handling of opensuse open build service before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas come try pre-configured solutions running on oracle iaas for free the symantec demo lab shows you how you can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ruby 2018-a459acd54b nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3151-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity beware of browser autofill and password managers they can leak your personal data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud ai and machinelearning are revolutionizing finance and boosting profits and the journey has just begun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12635 circarlife scada v4.2.4 allows unauthorized upgrades via requests to the html upgrade.html and servi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts openjdk-lts vulnerabilities usn-3747-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vengeful hacker exposes domainfactory customer banking data and passwords hotforsecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehackersnews hackread a wave of ransom attacks is targeting mysql databases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastnameswood we re happy to have you on team windows what kind of pc do you game on we d love to see.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1974' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps mobiketa 3.5 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introduction to blockchain with java using ethereum web3j and spring boot infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2016-1414' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco mobility services engine cve-2015-6316 insecure default password vulnerability mobility service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution topic apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution risk high text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easyboot 6.6.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking spam hailstorms deliver variety of threats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fed circ affirms mcafee s ptab win axing antivirus patents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce linux kernel memory corruption via ip6t_so_set_replace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1478-1 libextractor security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin chained quiz 1.0.8 answer sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'australia s tax office loses petabyte of data news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 gnupg2 elsa-2018-2181' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0020-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi president trump announces intent to appoint veteran agency officer vaughn f bishop as cia deputy director' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2018-0019 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'renn_stan_lee thanks for the update renn meanwhile could you also try uninstalling the chrome updates:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nikitchi we d love to help you navigate windows 10 do you have any questions we can help you answer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdritter that s amazing gary how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338823 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110982 wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mysql file uploader 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla je tour 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alph8z oh no try resetting your chrome settings let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'treemunny great thanks for doing that your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 4266-1 linux security update security dsa 4266-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server 2012 gain privileges obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truckershorizon sweet of you to say are there any particular features on windows 10 that you re loving' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is screen options in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security chrome blink speechrecognitioncontroller use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our mission is not just a set of words it is the core guiding north star satyanadella msinspire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juhishah11 hi juhi tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3755-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2012-6704 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2016-8738 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'techentre it is not possible to rollback a specific update on chrome for windows at the time uninstalling and re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steph_btl how odd would you mind sharing the make and model of windows device that the occurred on we d like to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews spammers work up a hailstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best contact form plugins for wordpress compared' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 samba4 elsa-2018-1883' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rolanddavi hi i would need links to the actual pages on the wordpress site are you talking about the images that show up in tweets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bsides lisbon 2016 tiago carvalho s lightning talk password profiling permalink advertise on it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter browser based malware evolution and prevention' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how a researcher reverse engineered the toshiba flashair sd storage card and executed remote code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft hcm 9.2 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome bug allows hackers to steal personal data through a victims open facebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld get ready for oow18 read what the year s event has in store on the oracle blog and don t forget to register wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'strutting past the equifax breach lessons learned by iamkevtorious equifax apachestruts patching' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberhayden automatically encrypt emails and attachments by adding a keyword to the bottom of an email works on mobile device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter browser security fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sgatner hi szymon the could be due to an extension in chrome or rules set on the supervised device by it admin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5315 debian_linux libtiff' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data and let local users gain elevated pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'austingragg thanks for the kind words how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wood out of the litany of words we hear in open source we can narrow down clarifying principles security through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter what s up with whatsapp legal implications of the potential security flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-17 rpcbind denial of service nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.3 patches half-dozen vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5551 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle solaris' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mailman suse-su-2018:1638-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '11 best analytics solutions for wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'j0el_peter is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2071-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libxtst opensuse-2016-1422' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings honeywell scada controllers exposed passwords in clear text see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee officialmcafee claims 62million of cryptocurrency tokens were taken from an unhackable wallet by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle trying hard to make sure pentagon knows amazon isn t the only cloud around' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wevinlol hi luiz we d like to look into the what happens when you try to browse on chrome do you see an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'urvile that s interesting are you able to identify the last windows update that was successfully installed we d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1727-1 moderate samba infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows api exploitation recipes for red blue teams process listing apis wtsenumerateprocesse securitytube' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'probinsky package was imported from upstream and is no longer in debian testing currently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt echo262 look if anything ever happens to me i would be completely disappointed if my husband did not have a hedgehog band' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. sjvn wants to help you find the perfect gift for that linux lover including linux foundation membership' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb new a hacker broke into the servers of thetruthspy a consumer spyware company that openly markets its wares to do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows attacke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq re oss-security docker 1.12.6 security advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-8743 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 1511 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iphone hacking campaign using mdm software is broader than previously known' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3000 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earlier have a vulnerability in the random number generat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secunia research microsoft windows type 1 font processing vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver local memory disclosure vulnerability ctx235225' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 allow cross renderer resource load remote code execution vulnerability google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justcallme98 oh no have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'naikyash07 hello can you share with us which build of windows 10 you re on we d love to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon plans to move completely off oracle software by early 2020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 pdns-recursor 2018-76c82b393e nessus plugin id 110520 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday mcafee virus scan enterprise for linux remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no more atms running windows xp shouts reserve bank of india hotforsecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7263 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 xen 2018-aec846c0ef spectre nessus plugin id 110402 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome out-of-bounds memory write error lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the keynote cyber visionary stuart mcclure explores the future ai vs ai to reveal a key strategy extend the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mishichoudhary perversely in india the likes of google facebook whatsapp don t face such restrictions but tele' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tylershepard223 disqus is a comment plugin you can use on self-hosted wordpress sites but it cannot be used on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joe walsh goes on tweetstorm against russian hackers and no one can believe it cybersecurity itsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abooghost hi there the is due to the recent update on chrome we suggest you to send us feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleza a decade of achievements and glory it is now time to celebrate 10yearsofponelopele southafrica oracleacademy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday august 7th 2018 tue aug 7th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'git for windows 2.13.x lt 2.13.7 2.14.x lt 2.14.4 2.15.x lt 2.15.2 2.16.x lt 2.16.4 2.17.x lt 2.17.1 remote code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2012 r2 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update vim on sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 poppler euleros-sa-2018-1226 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity your heartbeat may soon become your password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah unix linux freebsd macosx syscalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vtalatam we understand could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows device we d t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3146-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3243-1 git vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'job portal script 3.0 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sferguson_lr new research from mcafee_labs shows a proliferation of so-called rdp shop on the dark web for 10 you could ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recommendations to help the security of ics-scada systems helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhsa-2016:2919-1 important chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9083 local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to increase pageviews and reduce bounce rate in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several thousand linux devices infected with the linux.proxy.10 trojan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 local privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2419-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current curl ssa:2018-192-02 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp denies it has backdoor for decrypting messages hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable microsoft has patched flaws that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us on friday and see the splunk add-on for cisco umbrella investigate in action register to attend:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise multiple security vulnerabilities mcafee virusscan enterprise multiple infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adelemb hi there do you see an error message while loading google maps in chrome also try browsing in incognito' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8248 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft excel software when the software fails to p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sheald93 thanks for trying have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them one by o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'user-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer to run shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap mobile defense amp security remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2437 the sap internet graphics service igs 7.20 7.20ext 7.45 7.49 7.53 allows an atta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 xen 2018-aec846c0ef spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt annargallagher ah yes the traditional wise words of a japanese samurai warrior japanese linguistics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2017-0012 spoofing vulnerability discoveredmarch 14' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akhilasg hi khila what s going on with google chrome could you tell us more about it we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'things i learnt russia today broadcasts on national tv in the uk and stan collymore has a cooking show on it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reviewcafe jillsbookcafe are you using a browser or apps and which apps or browsers we ll help if we can.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'think it ink it remember it taking notes with the digital pen and office is intuitive efficient and intelligen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you love opensource are you looking for a change well here at the linux foundation we re looking for a new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'auburnelvis thank you for sharing your thoughts with us your feedback allows us to make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smartshop 1 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ardosi right on have you tried out windows ink yet think you ll enjoy it with your touch screen device.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sam_guthrie just when i thought i couldn t love brooklyn99fox more they have captain holt defend phds using the title doctor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'playermegumin hi hans how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 52.0.2743.116 developer tools cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visionofleon your excitement is contagious leon thanks for the kind words which version of windows are you currently using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to speak at lfvault the linux foundation s premier linux storage conference submit today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wopot t_toyota internetmktgcom security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox 5.0.x lt 5.0.32 5.1.x lt 5.1.14 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3786-1 vim security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more than 8 800 wordpress plugins out of 44 705 are flawed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2018-599 meltdown spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iqy files used to evade av download malware via excel barkly jonathanscrowe malware antivirus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'buffalo terastation web detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt microflashfic it took years to decipher the visitors message they waited in their ships we built quantum computers to decode i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'printfjess we think so too thanks for being a loyal user what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpressdotcom wordpress wordpress 4.7.2 release addresses xss sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'burnettski92 uh oh just to confirm have you also checked here to see if the passwords a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high rhsa-2017:0059 red hat mobile application platform 4.2.1 security update sdks and rpms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2022-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware 2018 olympic destroyer worm and it s hackers are still active news have recently broken out infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update networkmanager-vpnc opensuse-2018-859 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dadimi80 hi there can you try revisiting these pages and then restart chrome let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new java track to be sponsored by pivotal cloudfoundry summit silicon valley 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking windows macos hacked at pwn2own 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thepaul_t we appreciate your patience and feedback paul let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide to preventing blog content scraping in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq cross-site request forgery in wordpress download manager plugin infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts cve-2018-11776 exploit python cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10-strike network inventory explorer standard 8.54 registration key overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase how will you spend your free time in the autonomous future monica kumar vp of oracle cloud platform discusses how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 new hacks coming to get you cso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after failed auction shadow brokers opens nsa hackingtools for direct sales' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'automation and containerized apps success with netapp trident and redhat openshift amp ansible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'install munin monitoring tool on ubuntu 16.04 xenial xerus server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. riministreet loses another court battle to oracle while rimini s customers lose data security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alicemayxo howdy which browser are you in is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk infosec itsecuritynew' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android os wifi broadcast sensitive data exposure exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm tivoli storage flashcopy manager for sql server 3.1.1.7 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley wordpress bloggers strongly encouraged to immediately apply security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpsbux03665 3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mslavco upendoventures nginxorg wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_spyde great thanks for doing that your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aionescu windows 10 19h1 introduces system call entry exit callbacks the ability to consume real-time etw events from kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chicojimj great choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts cups vulnerabilities usn-3713-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn about the top host based intrusion detection hids tools available today download our whitepaper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take back wednesday sql slammer still alive but barely kicking sqlslammer sql mssql tbw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle january 2017 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kvm suse-su-2018:1479-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bad bug found in microsoft browsing code the post doesn t have enough text content please click on the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows drm files deanonymize tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a post slug in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3153-1 oxide vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new free chrome plugin blocks cryptojacking browser attacks darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce joomla huge it googlemaps sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soundremedy hi congratulations on your new dell thanks for reaching out i am susanna from social media support.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils file linux pcre shadow phsa-2018-1.0-0171 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hosznyakrachael glad our windows spotlight images could make your day have you seen any other images that catch your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lrthakur hey there we love your enthusiasm are you enjoying any other apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i ve updated my article on the superprof password fiasco they changed users passwords to super lt firstname gt with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 option to block installation of win32 apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0231 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bradleyvoorhees hi firefox sync is meant to synchronize your passwords history bookmarks across your signed dev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benhawkes project zero blog windows exploitation tricks exploiting arbitrary object directory creation for local elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote cod exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zentyal server 5.0 out now based on ubuntu 16.04 lts adds new http proxy module' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5547 windows logon integration feature of f5 big-ip apm client prior to version 7.1.7.1 for w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday school management software 2.75 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great tips take control of your privacy in windows10 with the helpful guide by edbott' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news web exposed mongodb installs wiped by bitcoin ransoming script scum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thefreedomsuite we appreciate your patience yes those steps may affect your tabs and windows that are open we s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update phpmyadmin opensuse-2018-669 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-2997 buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thekaybz at a restaurant today:kev what is your wifi password server well today is only my first day at the location' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no backdoor but whatsapp can snoop encrypted conversations a report emerged on friday that the popular infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 sssd and ding-libs rhsa-2018:1877 nessus plugin id 110602 with high severity synopsis the remote red' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linux_spain continues his systemd series with three use cases for timer units' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to hacking israel surveillance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'porn extortion email tied to password breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker dublin meetup on july 26th sign up today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows adodb.record object file overwrite microsoft windows suffers from an adodb.record o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cerebrone there was a girl who once lived in fadeyi lagos an only child she was born in enugu but her family moved to lago' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cuteftp 8.3.1 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x86 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center don t have a dirty cow man android gets kernel hijack patch the register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday video sharing script 4.94 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bruznic gear icon set the status to draft and tap save that will upload the draft to the web so you can edit in your browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9677 citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows attackers to obtain sensitive kernel address informa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt prsecurity sansinstitute training was fun dope coin design too looking forward to the windows internals course' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update squid on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm bigfix remote control up to 9.1.2 password storage weak encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.16 2.4.x lt 2.4.8 2.6.x lt 2.6.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 111387 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit shows autofill makes it easy to expose your credit card info on chrome and safari' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk denies claims that customer passwords were stolen in mirai router attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blowdart a few months back someone reported a docs issue where the linux sample we gave to configure parts of .net core end' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component com_maxcomment sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create your own customized short url for your wordpress blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kirbydoxdan that s amazing which new features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aykay hi andreas can you try creating a new chrome profile and check if the issue persists keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'th3ll05 we re happy to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muhabmaselim that s what we like to hear which features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14678 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.11 as used in xen through 4.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-016 important security update for windows iis 4013074 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt patrickpuck oracle netsuite in barcelona celebrating oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter annvision adminbypass to banners' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. vm_wylbur of hrdag is speaking at ossummit embedded linux conference and openiot summit travel to europe to h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with 8 bug fixes ahead of october 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly move your blog from wordpress .com to self hosted wordpress .org' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrmerdur that s quite the throwback what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthewvalites to everyone who came to my talossecurity ttrs talk thank you i feel humbled to have been part of an amazing and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2241 nessus plugin id 111355 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'app paths used to bypass user account control in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is why lutasecurity is still over 2 years in a completely organically bootstrapped self funded startup man' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking docker patches escape container vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday june 25th 2018 mon jun 25th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to prayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity high schools tps campus security officer wins sprint prize pack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to efficiently manage post series in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a curious tale of the priest the broker the hacked newswires and 100m of insider trades theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the roku tv and sonos speakers are open to takeover due to the same flaw reported in google home and chromecast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another fake fortnitegame hacking tool design is so professional that i have no words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter important kernel updates patch 7 vulnerabilities in all supported ubuntu oses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'harindu_hippola lizmhull firefox focus focus it still integrates with safari but now is a privacy browser that has mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash use-after-free in applying bitmap filter exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aidcve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xbox introducing the initiative a brand-new santa monica based microsoft development studio led by visionary storytel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news passwords a long goodbye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 cross-site request for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 jboss-ec2-eap rhsa-2017:0250' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update gpg2 suse-su-2018:1696-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious docker containers earn cryptomining criminals 90k threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1761-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.6 drivers firewire net.c buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'salem_style hi we reset the password for a number of accounts due to a security issue on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cortana for android and ios is the perfect companion to your windows10 pc check out what s new:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome starts marking all http sites as not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle jdeveloper information disclosure vulnerability july 2018 cpu nessus plugin id 111332 with m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markw28087482 that s awesome mark which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ex-military and security firms oppose home sec in whatsapp crypto row' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'entongpakitong have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 kernel cesa-2018:1852 nessus plugin id 110569 with medium severity synopsis the remote centos host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ashishjainmr ithemes systemcodegeeks wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter explore it sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee web gateway jmx service lets remote users execute arbitrary code on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center android security bulletin november 2016 what you need to know techrepublic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla spider facebook 1.6.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bmlock oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _cyber_punk open source privacy enhancing ios web browser onion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious windows executable files hidden in google play apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to safely ignore a package from being upgraded in arch linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly detected variant of python-based adware pythonbot is also installing malicious browser extensions amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us on 8 16 at 2 pm et for a webinar about the newest advanced threat protection features in office365 which' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter red hat jboss enterprise application platform server log download lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 152643-03 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bellebytes excellent congratulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starting page 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3326 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to scrawford29 wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how does the ispy keylogger steal passwords and software license keys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2018-0225' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3736-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of service dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1415-1 phpmyadmin security update nessus plugin id 110945 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-758-1 libgd2 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 tcpdump phsa-2017-0033 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pctechdeals_16 we re glad you re having a great time with windows 10 let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'developertony to clarify are you running the latest update of windows 8.1 let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brokenfuses ron rivest at rsac talking about dec joint bipartisan report strong conclusion encryption is a tool we have to preser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5578 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security adobe flash avc header slicing heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us on 8 16 at 11 pm pt for a webinar about the newest advanced threat protection features in office365 which' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how hack on 10 000 wordpress sites was used to launch an epic malvertising campaign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'planning to join us at oracleopenworld register before early bird expires on august 11 save 400:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0036' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'missbromstein hi can you get in touch here with more details or send us a link to the site amp we ll reach out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen nsa windows hacking tools now up for sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taking visionmobile s state of the developer nation survey helps us ensure the oss dev community is represented' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6504 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weirddbeard sounds so nice how has the rest of your windows expeirence been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jotunvillur to all the browser hijacker toolbars never ever switch my search engine to some off brand google again you will' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great discussion with jonathan correa on putting controls in place to limit weak passwords however what do you s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2424-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt igrigorik in case you missed it. in october 2018 chrome m70 will start showing the red not secure warning when users e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity office 365 biz users targeted in novel phish scheme infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox up to 5.0.31 5.1.13 shared folder unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poor password practices put corporate cybersecurity at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ex top mozilla dev to windows users ditch all antivirus except microsoft s defender' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'understanding wordpress plugin vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the bomb-simulating us supercomputer broke a world record hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upon her death several iranian newspapers along with iranian president hassan rouhani broke taboo and published' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news possible tor browser de-cloak zero day dropped patch in works' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xox_ele twice as fast as we were a year ago and 30 less memory usage than chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use ruby on rails with postgresql on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is gpl wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-759' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tulipypeony tap the reader icon and then the search icon and enter a key word for the topic you are looking for.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an array in wordpress functions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'two months later nasa s opportunity rover is still lost on mars after huge dust storm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec starting page 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfiguration of java web server component jolokia puts organizations at risk of attack warns security resear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop wasting time making the wrong passwords stronger nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft publisher products june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the unbroken litany of distrust' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft locks ryzen kaby lake users out of updates on windows 7 8.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome prior to 50.0.2661.102 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-721-1 libgc security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclembx is off to a running start jabel_oracle reports live from the innovation showcase' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1394-1 imagemagick security update nessus plugin id 110696 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecure hadoop couchdb installations are the next target in database attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mayhemdayone in short on august 6th i reported another misconfigured mongodb instance the time part of wwf network expo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac webcast rewind what s new in for572 register for advanced networkforensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office assassin s creed fleece throw snuggly assassin don t let the cold keep you from infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pentester s windows ntfs tricks collection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install a centos 7.3 minimal server howtoforge the document describes the basic installation of a ce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 xen 2018-1a467757ce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'authorterryo hey terry how are you enjoying windows 10 on your new device we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla docman 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco asr 5000 series ipsecmgr service dos cisco-sa-20161116-asr nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adv_w_snowflake oh no can you download chrome canary a future version and see if you still experience the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt briankrebs a clever new twist on an old sextortion email scam includes a password the recipient previously used at a hacked w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1607 overflow gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'black hat 2018 voice authentication is broken researchers say threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 firefox cesa-2018:2113 nessus plugin id 111013 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'detecting malicious smb activity using bro attackers utilize the server message block smb protocol to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3439 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 zsh elsa-2018-1932' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geutebruck re_porter 16 credential disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings briankrebs on twitter got a google home or chromecast dev see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 mingw-podofo 2018-2807317e7a nessus plugin id 110689 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seaydragon85 we re glad to hear it s running smoothly how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-9028 weak cryptography used for passwords in ca privileged access manager 2.x reduces the com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin mfsbgn03810 rev.1 universal cmdb deserialization java objects and csrf bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 3.4 openjpeg ovmsa-2017-0048' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 of the best calendar apps for linux there aren t many calendar apps for linux but that s not to say there' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings fuzzysecurity windows exploitdev part 12 see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp amp telegram patch severe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a custom post type archive page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability su' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have a linux question linuxdotcom is here to help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mistful83 we re not aware of any problems please try clearing your browser cache and cookies or a different connection maybe that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehosp we ve arrived at the beautiful swandolphin hotel for the start of oracleic17 see you at 6:00 pm for the opening' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new ways to track internet browsing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt the_sailor_dog after a 44-year absence the rank of warrant officer-1 will return to the navy in 2019 for cyber specialists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we want to show developers how many great things they can do brunoborges on oraclecode 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bethesda sues warner bros for copying fallout shelter with new westworld ios game warner bros new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new phishing attack steals info using browser autofill' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine cross-site scripting vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. tippett_studio significantly lowered tco with a public cloud strategy oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is an excellent 90 minute documentary filmed at bethesda about elder scrolls and fallout also told howard let' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1469-1 libxcursor security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284846 windows server 2012 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110488 with high severity s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft office powerpoint 2010 gdi gdi32 convertdxarray insufficient bounds check e 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter smart guard network manager 6.3.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3099 outside_in_technology vulnerability in the oracle outside in technology component of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14610 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is out-of-bounds acc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel arch x86 kvm vmx.c denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find flaw in whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now marks http sites not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome layout out-of-bounds read vulnerability dos exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos windows 10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 tip keep your microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt guffaloh matthancock as a parent of an 11 year old with autism i find your use of the words suffer from autism highly off' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hanibrblx interesting be sure to check out these steps to free up drive space in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe patches 31 vulnerabilities flash zero-day under attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv byp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw could allow browsing on locked systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kubernetes is driving broader and deeper container usage acc to latest study by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3823 an issue was discovered in the cisco webex extension before 1.0.7 on google chrome the activetouch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7688 a missing permission check in the review handling of opensuse open build service before 2.9.3 allowed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at amp t unveils directv now streaming television service at amp t today announced the debut of a new directv infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysis finds high-risk vulnerabilities in four popular wordpress e-commerce plug-ins l wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3675-3 gnupg vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft visual studio products july 2018 nessus plugin id 111042 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new hacking technique used to bypass microsoft office 365 security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings google online security blog mitigating spectre with site isolation in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5008 blink in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for linux windows and mac and 56.0.2924.87 for androi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattozoic you ll definitely be able to play on windows 10 did any other games catch your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14345 an issue was discovered in sddm through 0.17.0 if configured with reusesession true the password i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux security flaws gives attackers root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3745-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos windows 10 desktop bridge virtual registry cve-2018-0880 incomplete fix privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1854:01 important kernel security and bug fix update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin multiple bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you don t feel comfortable taking risks to drive the business forward you cant excel. lindsey mcquade michiganstateu oraclemsce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8970 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap solman 7.31 information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the planetary defense coordination office out of nasa is using docker s platform to support a critical mission tha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4221-1 libvncserver security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter patched tor browser vulnerability puts users identity at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog thegrugq tiraniddo pwnallthethings true story you can disable flash in office with a simple registry fix whic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief us might require social media passwords bbm opens to developers uber rapped' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theprimus ah gotcha let s have you run the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local microsoft windows media center 6.1.7600 ehshell.exe xml external entity i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mk2salamnder it is fun talking in sap transactions mwahahaha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin contact form manager cross-site request forgery cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2256' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ico confirms yahoo communication post breach all your passwords now.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weli cms weak password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity university of alberta student charged in password malware incidents infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts2 gui exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 rust 2018-f38d1cb219 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly move your blog from wordpress .com to self hosted wordpress .org' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities in year s first critical patch update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress templatic 2.3.6 file upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat nio nio2 connector management flaw lets remote users access other user s sessions in cer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass fixes serious password leak vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'klausdwight welcome to windows what are your first impressions so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hakin9 practical guide linux scp example linuxguru11 linux opensource hacking pentesting tech cyber t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we got you covered when it comes to networking in docker and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 wavpack 2017-ab4f51572f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3218-1 linux kernel vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update issued after critical rce vulnerable found in core of apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome googlechrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals expl 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3933 an exploitable out-of-bounds write exists in the microsoft word document conversion functionality' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec_paul_m cyberkryption there s one in my thread reply which works on win7 and is almost 100 reliable it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec maksem site scriptleri sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'payasugym breach exposes passwords news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeshreen95 hmm interesting could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows pc we d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7291 microsoft word 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux tcp dos android august updates lets encrypt trusted podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steam gets built-in tools to let you run windows games on linux now available in beta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office loader leverages malicious macros to deliver multiple office malware macros' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp s privacy protections questioned after terror attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat ubuntu-based pentest linux distribution backbox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome dev explains how modern browsers make secure ui just about impossible the line of death between infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk 6.1.1 referer cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps carrying windows malware yanked from google play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for windows desktop input validation flaw lets local users cause denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to newbie_bloggers mmrupp wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdispnode::insertsiblingnode use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.221 actionscript 2 camera object use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ithemes security sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6667 authentication bypass vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web gateway 7.8.1.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5737 the gerrit configuration in the openstack puppet module for gerrit aka puppet-gerrit improperly ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superrebal123 hmm just to confirm are you experiencing the in another browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tqbf til openssh s default key encryption is so bad you might as well not set a password on your ssh keys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'c_torres42 that doesn t sound good we ll try our best to help you over public tweets try restarting your device and reopening chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12448 whale browser before 1.3.48.4 displays no url information but only a title of a web page on the brow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ucwindowsguy that s amazing make sure to check out the microsoft lumia 950 xl here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je k2 multiple form story 1.3 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleprofit five skill sets for training effective chatbots' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tutorial deploying postgresql on a docker container by severalnines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how has the discovery of a hardcoded password vulnerability in cisco pcp software affected your enterprise learn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 gluster storage rhsa-2017:0495' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sperrytopsider the sperry7seas was designed with americascup defenders oracleteamusa and is available everywhere today.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 otlchainrulesettable::rule out-of-bounds read exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whole thread. feels like we re all just shouting into a sandstorm that s howling amp corroding us all into nothing.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter block adverts delete flash kill java asd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt random_walker it s always been clear that private browsing mode isn t what users think it is but that gap seems to be bigger tha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mike1224200 hi miguel the was an intentional change to improve privacy with the latest chrome for android update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.6 security keys big_key.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component je gallery 1.3 photo_id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enisa welcomes the positive ep_industry vote on aniebler report on enisa the eucertificationscheme and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit warns users of data breach an attacker broke into reddit systems and accessed user data email infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'courier management system cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ultimate viral media script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from today googlechrome starts marking all non- https sites notsecure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cramer remix it was the hottest group in the market until red hat reported jim cramer breaks down why infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'verrrgel hi vergel can you share more about your experience with windows 10 perhaps we can help make it better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bigmacjpg note the new windows task scheduler alpc is not specific to the print spooler the person who found the exploit ju' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '17 malicious docker images removed from docker hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4225-1 openjdk-7 security update nessus plugin id 110424 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbhf03693 rev.1 hpe imc plat network products running microsoft sql infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows 10 child process restriction mitigation bypass exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core pcm_lib.c local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security considerations for team based password managers password management applications are a common infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian gnu linux project to mark 25th birthday on thursday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3049-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities oracle sun zf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle run don t walk to patch the critical database takeover bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows warning us exposes north korea government s typeframe malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'o0ze looks like it s the character causing the problem we don t allow it in passwords but the signup form is giving the wrong error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a filter in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re soon approaching a decade since ms08-067 aka the conficker smb worm from 2008 in the shadow brokers equat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thebuzz76 our windows spotlight images are pretty neat aren t they what else are you liking about windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 animations denial of service vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 animations de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how can you integrate security into your organization s devops practice come talk to us at dockercon booth s29' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1811-1 moderate go1.9 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an inside look at hybrid office 365 phishing attacks salted hash ep 41 networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'indelicatoandy we love your enthusiasm how long have you been part of the windows family' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipconfigure orchid vms 2.0.5 directory traversal information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos apple safari lt 11.1.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 yum-utils cesa-2018:2284 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 openssh alas-2018-1042 nessus plugin id 110781 with medium severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2113-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripwireinc 123456 still the most common password among users via dmbisson security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 24.0.0.221 multiple vulnerabilities apsb17-07' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory seamonkey updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3145-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity linux 2017 with great power comes great responsibility infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office online server and microsoft office web apps june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local memory corruption and integer overflow vulnerabilities linux kernel local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 watching the oracleiaas all-hands meeting from our manchester nh office our fearless leader rocking an fnproj t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esa-2017-007 emc documentum eroom unverified password change vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ironscales named as finalist for sc magazine awards and cybersecurity excellence awards infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libxvmc opensuse-2016-1424' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tompainetoday thanks for the info can you confirm if you re on the stable or developer version of chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure apache tomcat information di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3678-4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2018-8034 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 diffoscope 2017-101722eb25 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb has published some best practices to help prevent users from being hit by the current attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms in 2019 and do some pretty basic security hygiene infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security new critical fixes for flash ms windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microsoft wireless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows rt 8.1 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability microsoft windows rt 8.1 bypass a restric' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eeturunen gossithedog sap hana is one of the first databases to natively connect to and consume blockchain information.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network mongodb attacks jump from hundreds to 28 000 in just days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ithemes security sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday micro blog script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle the early bird gets the worm and a gorgeous sunrise shot at oracle miami lifeatoracle traveltuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt moixsec watch out firefox tor browser 0day exploit actively used in the wild on windows directly calling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix provisioning services up to 7.11 kernel memory information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4218-1 memcached security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free ms13-0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 plexus-archiver rhsa-2018:1836' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious docker containers are earning cryptomining criminals big bucks kromtech researchers said' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'first came mass mongodb ransacking now copycat ransoms hit elasticsearch hundreds of unsecured infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclefreerides we re here until thursday show us your aws badge and take a free ride in our tesla model x oraclefreerides' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley icymi adobe flash provides six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc release increases pressure on admins to patch apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleprofit just released profit magazine summer 2018 technology is changing our ideas about businessscale read the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections security experts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 apt vulnerability usn-3156-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chezzykatz it sounds like your computer clock and browser clock may be out of sync are you on windows or mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'online tshirt design script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip call out different types of speech break words into syllables and increase your reading comprehensio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rufus 3.0 3.1 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity microsoft windows media center infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 procps cesa-2018:1777 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update java-1_6_0-ibm suse-su-2016:3040-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201612-21 sqlite multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patrickmedina excellent thank you for sharing with us we re always here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexidlc what is your site s address sites don t have a reset option so you might have a self-hosted wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamsbusiso got it try uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xorg-x11-libxrender suse-su-2016:3115-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how orchestration automation help socs do more with less lt video interview w splunk s haiyan song and oliver friedr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fatal flaw found in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security software instead of fixing the issue pwc infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwaretechblog cancelled my uber because there were 3 people outside the law office fighting over a parking spot which is way mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker office 201x privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'these are the jobs done by the oldest and youngest americans qz poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research disassembling linux mirai.b worm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside dropbox and microsoft office phishing attacks salted hash ep. sc03' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit windows remote pc with eternalblue amp doublepulsar exploit through metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-05 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2391 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking adobe patches flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google patches a chrome browser bug cve-2018-6177 that could have allowed remote hackers to find out everything' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gossithedog i know but the password harvester i saw just looked for passwords on disk no mitm.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protecc_ylona we re glad to hear everything is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove elementsbrowser pup infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was published securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jarret_shook we re glad you re a fan jarret how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s friday new time mike_mimoso brokenfuses discuss the msft smb 0day the netgear vuln https stats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install prometheus and node_exporter on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'argus surveillance dvr 4.0.0.0 directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2566-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast understanding the true cost of endpoint management ibmsecurity sans mbromileydfir 7 26 4pm et' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress file deletion vulnerability could allow site takeover and code execution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows task scheduler zero-day exploit available in the wild caution urged' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asiahitgroup gang again sneaks billing-fraud apps onto google play mcafee fraud google' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle commerce platform cve-2017-3296 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zmurayx2 hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 openjdk8 httpd librelp zsh libvirt photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0039 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 systemd rhsa-2017:0003' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 zsh rhsa-2018:1932' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers selling windows exploits attack tools the shadowbrokers are selling a cache of windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for windows server 2008 june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious javascript targeting mobile browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics advance your forensics foundation in windowsforensics w carloscajigas in virginiabeach 8 20-31' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln vmware vsphere data protection cve-2016-7456 authentication bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1879-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fakesapp using whatsapp to spread scams and fake news in a disturbing revelation check point infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce microsoft windows journal buffer overflow via a jtp file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gram post instagram auto post multi accounts with paypal integration 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network sap patches critical hana vulnerability that allowed full access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sap vulnerability exposes enterprises to ransomware other attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3108 vulnerability in the oracle fusion middleware component of oracle fusion middleware sub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyb3rops it s not just a password manager for teams even though it can be used as one but i use cyberark' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server 2012 r2 pdf obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft powershell now available on linux as an ubuntu snap hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5598 an issue was discovered in eclinicalworks healowwork 8.0 build 8 the is a blind sql injection with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softdisk 3.0.3 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'holding shift f10 during windows 10 updates opens root cli bypasses bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i wrote about the javascript card payment nightmare ticketmaster inbenta and the canary in the coal mine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news europol cop took terror dossier home flashed it to the web accidentally' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2152' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jd edwards multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change the priority of a process in linux the guide describes how to change the priority of a process' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb another sanctioned company embedi echoes sh2kerr s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'safe browsing on mac will warn users of apps that modify chrome settings google said today that starting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'madmultiplied hi tasmai just checking in is google chrome working fine keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medical clinic website script add_team_member.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schoolhos cms 2.29 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome swiftshader texture allocation integer overflow cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '950 000 coachella user accounts being sold online email addresses user names and hashed passwords are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smb 0-day risk downplayed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1545-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware nsx edge information disclosure vmsa-2016-0007 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdf200 mind if we jump in mike can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evsterstech 2 2 if you ve already filled the form and you re still receiving call i request you to share your nam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got your bags packed windowsinsiders because preview build 17704 is ready and you could win a trip to microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4th_shadow hi there the guide about fixing connection errors in chrome should help see your connection..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luckmb sorry we aren t able to send the password by phone.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability adobe flash player cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2016:3208-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel net mac80211 tx.c information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 most common misconceptions about wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update the worked really well open windows on cooler side of the house then pointed fan outwards on the sun fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch the week on windows tomorrow for sweet movie amp tv deals plus we show you how to talk to cortana windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experience virtual reality on the web with chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off teslathemes premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday16 cost less than 0.60 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-0763 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libjpeg-turbo vulnerabilities usn-3706-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take the new free inclusive speaker orientation course from linuxfoundation and ncwit at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firehawk871 could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc tor torbrowser vuln exploitdev infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1551-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hbbali hey there very impressive which other features in windows 10 are you finding to be helpful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-5387 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'u.s government indicts four over 2014 yahoo hack including two russian fsb officers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1929:01 low libvirt security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s up with the porn bots that in past days tweeting 4-5 random english words only' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us at an upcoming sans summit and take back ideas that you can implement as soon as your return to the office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'incaseyoumissedit we just released our keynote speaker lineup for open source summit europe and embedded linux c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 30 best ubuntu themes that will blow your mind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nlover2005 we re glad to see you join team windows which device are you switching to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'magnusapollo hi magnus try the steps listed in the guide to help with the issue let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'two bugs in wordpress tooltipy plugin patched threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xme i just updated my misp docker running 2.4.92 fixed the issue with mysql db' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome site isolation arrives to mitigate spectre attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore don t miss out 30 off adobe photoshop elements 15 get it now in windows store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt npuopolo reminder call for proposals linuxfoundation openiot summit na 2017 1 week left to submit openso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'albal84 glad to hear it alex what do you primarily use your windows pc for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news hong kong brokers blackmailed by hackers with ddos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_kide component view parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pabraeken powermemory v1.4 dump of local passwords hashes based on powerdump amp nishang by leveraging krnl dbger to get syste' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join oracle in supporting nature_org the givingtuesday by donating to the plant a billion trees campaign:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarepatrol malwrhunterteam malwaremustdie _odisseus talossecurity talos releases thanatosdecryptor a free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleteamusa techtuesday the science of our sails oracleteamusa designer jb braun explains the jib on our americascup class' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'incorporating amcache data into timeline analysis i ve had an opportunity to examine some windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wiseawise6711 why did both you and erratarob put words in my mouth where exactly did i say the tech should be s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection topic wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection risk low text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player multiple bugs let remote users bypass security restrictions and execute arbitrary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghenagk hi there try these steps to clean chrome of unwanted ads let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trovata una falla in wordpress a rischio il cms pi popolare securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb ransom attacks soar body count hits 27 000 in hours theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks under way against easily exploitable apache struts flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rocketvector97 right on when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast 2 minute cybersecurity briefing facebook admits to buying stolen passwords on dark web' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat dc 15.017.20053 windows denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability adob' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hope_132 hi there does the only happen in chrome try restarting your device and reopen chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s another reason not to share your passwords amp devices a star clarinet player got offered his dream scholars' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10565 operadriver is a opera driver for selenium operadriver versions below 0.2.3 download binary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 xfa engine use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sqlite 3.12.2 denial of service obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft fortifies windows 10 creators update with security features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iaminventor02 are you enjoying windows 10 so far we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foureverhannah hi hannah tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voodooplay understood thank you for checking in with us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sleevi huge they re distrusting across the platform not just browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15528 reflected cross-site scripting exists in the java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 for bmc myit.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter one million broadband offline in germany external influence blamed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4220-1 firefox-esr security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add signature or ads after post content in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sicunet access controller 0.32-05z code execution file disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visxnya we re glad to hear that are you currently running windows 10 on your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webworx design group blind sqli vulnerabilites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3326 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'letsgovenessa oops i forgot to give you the address send the email to help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter papers mysql out-of-band hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'winnti abuses github for c amp c communications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how to upgrade a fedora 24 linux to fedora 25 via gnome software or dnf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google s january android patch packet tackles qualcomm and linux vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm read 0 buf 0xff stager execve bin sh null null shellcode 28 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'databroker exactis databreach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8104 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2015-8104 denial of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability in oracle database could allow for complete compromise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpldapadmin 1.2.2 ldap injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'austinsgamestv excellent choice have you made it to level 120 in the mines yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snktgandhi hi sanket tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bitvise ssh server lt 7.41 multiple vulnerabilities remote nessus plugin id 110291 with medium sever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8735 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qnap nas heap overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rogers 18009 356319 contact rogers password rec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web based timesheet script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 firefox rhsa-2018:2112' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability id:95' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability spotlight multiple code execution vulnerabilities in oracle outside in technology these infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-4409 buffer overflow on hikvision nvr ds-76xxni-e1 2 and ds-77xxxni-e4 devices before 3.4.0 allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 gnome-boxes 2017-fc0140d4c5 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakhtinandrei hi andrei we recommend posting the in the chrome community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dwizzzlemsft new wired article on windows osr team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maxburnell had a lot of fun producing the new podcast for the excellent privacyint recently great to be doing some more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hardcoreokieboy hi christophe what happens when you try loading chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. ansys and oracle ansys fluent on bare metal iaas oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doubleshiny ours goes absolutely insane now if we touch the harness or the lead or we mention the word walk she p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1394-1 imagemagick security update nessus plugin id 110696 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using docker with other tools like nginx jenkinsci or postgresql here s everything you need to know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_j3lena bsidesmcr jennifer_arcuri sorry can t be there have an excellent conference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azure glitch allowed attackers to gain admin rights over hosted red hat linux instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft delays windows zero day patch researcher drops exploit code microsoft decided to delay a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt arcadian_o folks come and work for privacyint for a year we are looking for a legal and a policy officers to join us for a m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sofacy rolls our zebrocy toolkit to hit government targets scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.1 fixes csrf xss phpmailer vulnerabilities a new wordpress update pushed the week infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook is buying your private data from third-party brokers advertise on it security news read infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap security diagnostic tool unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce windows 10 privilege escalation via diagnostics hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3773-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdispnode::insertsiblingnode use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in celebration of nationalinternday the week we wanted to share ruby s story she began at mcafee as an intern' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybersecboardrm are regulations keeping you from using good passwords cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'london terrorist used whatsapp uk calls for backdoors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an interactive calculator for the linux command-line see how a bash script can turn the terminal into a power' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 gst-plugins-good0.10 gst-plugins-good1.0 vulnerabil nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domains marketplace script 1.1 admin username password sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 7 qemu-kvm elsa-2017-0083' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'odat open source oracle database attacking penetration testing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pdxbizmalia inside mcafee_labs new hillsboro threat research lab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows media center 6.1.7600 mcl file handler ehshell.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create strong passwords and why you should do so passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need some docker help check out our list of the top 100 docker tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps job vacancy script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb ransacked now 27 000 databases hit in mass ransom attacks over a quarter of mongodb databases infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap router is a text config file which supports wildcards and lets sap peeps allow people into the internal networ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libsndfile suse-su-2018:2065-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joeiskeffington thanks for the link is a self-hosted wordpress site using the software fr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vu 600671 pcausa rawether for windows local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackerfantastic flashes forward to 2035' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dannyjpalmer researchers at mcafee_labs and intezerlabs have found evidence that north korea s offensive hacking operations ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.0.1 denial of service gain privileges memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2018-0246 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youtube videos from some high-profile channels have disappeared' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity pittsburgh fbi office has hand in dismantling international cybercrime network forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ashnikbiz souravify security_faqs wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloud-happy oracle dodges rumors it is axing its traditional hardware as sales of traditional hardware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'osintlabworks thanks for the encouraging words aaron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ikayz360 excellent have you had a chance to make any masterpieces in paint 3d yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 obtain information vulnerability internet explorer 10 obtain information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 flaw uncovered more critical than equifax bug:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft rushes out windows 10 wifi fix in time for patch tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3931 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1 2018 0312 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 're foreshadow with the august 2018 windows security updates applied any attempt to read from it using l1tf wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new to opensource join us for an introduction to linux kernel modules hosted by behan webster on august 21st:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'devs alerted to long-delayed android wear 2.0 reboot linuxinsider google is moving ahead with its long-delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4236-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jerno111 are you able to log in by using another web browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coinvault ransomware authors two young dutch brothers sentenced to 240 hours of community service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firrae ah gotcha thanks for getting back to us how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5551 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.6 fix cve-2016-6786 kernel events core.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4 windows hello devices that will change the way you log into your pc windows hello is now found on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'orderofstone thanks for your support over the years jesse what do you use windows 10 to do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla gps tools 4.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesocial we have retired the handle please follow us on oraclecx for the latest news and tips on leveraging the power of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches new spectre meltdown vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.1 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2017-023-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity gone in 6 seconds credit cards can be hacked in a flash researchers reveal video infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'surrey police seize 1m in digital currency for government coffers officers seized the bitcoin from infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justsomecookies hey there have you been able to boot back to your desktop we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel 2018-8484550fff nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lukasstefanko the android trojan spy steals literally everything including chrome cookies if device is rooted calendar events' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add your wordpress site to google webmaster tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'torvalds if you re making a small sensor at an endpoint reporting to a gateway linux may not be the best solution lfelc openiot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases security updates for flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-132 trend micro safesync for enterprise displayname_get sql injection information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk researchers warn of serious wordpress php flaw vulnerability has been left unfixed for over a year infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress lt 4.7 post via email checks by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news stop using password manager browser extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore what goes into the true cost of endpoint management with mbromileydfir july 26 1pm eastern' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new kangaroo ransomware not only encrypts your data but tries to lock you out of windows too:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 ttogettabledata heap buffer overflow exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jersey mike s warns customers to reset passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windows malware campaign aims to make pcs part of a botnet army' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver application server java remote authorization bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft windo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tamuelsomlinson fantastic let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'layon_overwhale hey there we re glad you noticed which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap travel management cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting mc myit java system solutions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 57.0.2987.98 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper training for defeat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas . gartner_inc oracle cloud infrastructure a new provider that we had not scored before fared really well. iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7278 microsoft internet explorer 9 through 11 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tylabs new open source tool released dovehawk bro module misp bro for threat hunting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec internetburo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp security flaw exposed millions of users to hackers security experts have discovered a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'election protection aims to secure candidates running for office midterms elections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security alert vulnerabilities in adobe flash player apsb16-39' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 bind ovmsa-2017-0034' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your company s data secure get the infographic to see ways that office365 can help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google groups misconfiguration exposes corporate data by kellymsheridan email password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews from carna to mirai recovering from a lost opportunity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress cms commander client 2.21 php object injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada systems still hopelessly vulnerable to cyberattacks a presentation at last week s bsides infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts thunderbird vulnerabilities usn-3714-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter slimaruser management 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11554 the forgotten-password feature in index.php member reset reset_email.html in yzmcms v3.2 through v3.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us considers asking visa applicants their social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more malspam pushing password-protected word docs for azorult and hermes ransomware wed aug 15th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb a humble proposal ban the word unhackable.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2017:0426-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 openslp cesa-2018:2240 nessus plugin id 111339 with high severity synopsis the remote ce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmail to block javascript file attachments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wolfsaturn what makes you say that tony we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts urge rapid patching of struts bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy support tools 1.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security mcafee labs predicts 14 security developments for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the video from linuxcon demos how easy it is to install and run docker swarm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'win7 and win8.1 get their fair share' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tuners tuner-xc2028.c local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onssi ocularis recorder installed nessus plugin id 111385 with info severity synopsis ip camera video recording' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top hids tools on the market in our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt csfi_dcoe attacks and breaches adobe issues emergency patch for flash zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity da s office strengthens digital forensics abilities forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kjansennz are you able to check what version number of the app you re using and on what version of windows does' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb ransack over 33 000 databases hacked ah our favourite database in the news again being hailed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behind_my_veil it looks like you deleted media from your library about 2 weeks ago if that wasn t you please change your password asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mars opportunity rover is in danger of dying from a dust storm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 git euleros-sa-2018-1215 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evanblack_11 thanks for the info could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-015 security update for microsoft exchange server 4013242 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s un-hackable bitcoin wallet got hacked john mcafee s bitfi was supposed to be unhackable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install teamviewer 12 on rhel centos fedora and debian ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '14 most common wordpress errors and how to fix them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity florida court says password disclosure not protected by fifth amendment infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals google chrome suffers from an integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avira flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks via securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemobile chatbot conference sept 19 san francisco joehuang_oracle and suyashcjoshi from oracle will be there for all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2942 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3182-1 ntfs-3g vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '23 best wordpress themes for dentists 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover the oraclecloud security day series' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploitdb webapps oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-21 imagemagick multiple vulnerabilities imagetragick nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'budget 2017 it telecom players expect more for cyber security broadband' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segreenhalgh bradleytusk tuskholdings wvsosoffice it needs third party assurance doing etc.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ellwoodthewood excellent congratulations thank you so much for trusting sansinstitute for your cyber security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 openslp cesa-2018:2308 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8104 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peaceman that s a really good question something is reconfiguring systems even airgapped to broadcast rf fm spe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap erp defence forces and public security remote authorization bypass vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2438 the sap internet graphics server igs 7.20 7.20ext 7.45 7.49 7.53 has several denial-of-servic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14324 the demo feature in oracle glassfish open source edition 5.0 has tcp port 7676 open by default with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkup::remove pointer pos use-after-free ms13-055 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fraudster exploited us govt staff info stolen in 2015 opm breach the data breach suffered by the office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update mariadb suse-su-2017:0411-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cynicalsecurity alisaesage hee in windows the gpu acceleration works really well i often get 10 gpu load scrol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'resane bartar cms sql injection cross site scripting vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maisiescobie what is your site s address please have you tried resetting your password here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass vulnerability google chrome cve-2018-6148 security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install jenkins automation server with apache on ubuntu 16.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asheschow guardian s us account broke the prism story minutes earlier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper it is well that twitter is so terrible otherwise we should grow too fond of it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coming soon to the drnewsdesk at bhusa is haiyan song svp and gm sec mkts splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jmgl hi jodi are you searching for files or folders to clarify which version of windows are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tiraniddo i got accepted at bsideslv to do a workshop on windows internals and local attack surface analysis using powershel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla soccer bet 4.1.5 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'that moment you re about to try some tool and docs start with npm install and you just close the browser window and go back to google.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps clickbank affiliate marketplace script 2017 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap netweaver as java 7.5 bc-bmt-bpm-dsk bpemuwlconn privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'betting giant betvictor leaked a list of its own internal systems passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tired of being seen as the no team jonmichaelbrook shares some ideas for convincing your org to say yes to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moving to a chromebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows macos hacked at pwn2own 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter genixcms 0.0.8 tags-ajax.control.php term sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sagar4144 aw thanks how have you been enjoying windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-63 graphite multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june 2018 and windows server can be pwned with a dns request cortana also a little too eager to carry infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln citrix provisioning services remote code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp in ios if the app doesn t have read and write access to the photos afaik there is no way to get to the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 3.18.1 denial of service memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office d20 string lights points of light the 9 foot long string of 10 red d20 lights will set infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off css hero easiest way to customize your wordpress site limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser zero-day strikes again a new zero-day has been found in the wild and was used against the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to bulk delete wordpress users with specific roles' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2956-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how jacques brought digitization initiatives to life w cisco security for his small to medium sized business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1000 the points of data that oracleteamusa is able to collect that help optimize performance amp design' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity a security breach can undermine the integrity and future of your business and it can strike from anywhere with li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-07 transmission remote code execution nessus plugin id 110616 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharons73012273 we re glad we could be a part of your journey are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news the week flash gets in one more security fail before retirement' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the brokerages set fireeye inc feye pt at 16.41' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dbernick weldpond i worked at broad waaaay back when it was the whitehead institute for biomedical research cheers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'or in other words i don t care about your politics i just like modern civilization and the things that keep it going.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle why internet volatility is a critical business issue cloud via kyork20 dyn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown selecting your salesenablement tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nickalexcath glad to hear everything s running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 sssd and ding-libs rhsa-2018:1877 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq novel contributions to the field how i broke mysql s code-base part 2 cve-2016-5541 mysql infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sidenote if you care at all about privacy firefox is definitely the browser you should be using.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project msr_debugctl branch trace store dos xsa-269 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the slammer worm is back after 13 years to target ancient sql slammer worm hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update icoutils on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to come to the us be prepared to hand over your passwords if you re on trump s hit list the register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itzhypoxia we re happy to hear everything s running smoothly now how has your overall windows experience been recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wpa enterprise with kali linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1415-1 phpmyadmin security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit topic wordpress plug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update java-1_7_0-ibm suse-su-2017:0716-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1780-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw-3200n all version prior to version 1.00.06 the device generates a weak password hash that is easily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update your systems oracle weblogic servers are currently under attack by hackers trying to take over installation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows cortana tips adventures with moana amp planet earth ii amp an oscars movie offer windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cajacaliente glad to hear everything s working properly how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86_64 random listener shellcode 54 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-gcp linux-kvm vulnerabilities usn-3678-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 build 17744 released with bug fixes and improvements there are only general fixes and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3658-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3758-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new drupal rce used in the wild hp ilo ransomware zte hypteroptic default password podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3930 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps mysql file uploader 1.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows-based mirai muck-spreader the work of a skilled attacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2017-01-23-7 itunes for windows 12.5.5 bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kalfakyn those are some fantastic memories what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m a java developer i enjoy tech panels as well as helping contribute to the community through volunteering. -l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt simonhania push the into a machine readable format fill out once and have your browser client device handle the for you on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1436-1 gosa security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 c-ares vulnerability usn-3143-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serenelyrapt we think that s still interesting are you enjoying any specific features in windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weak passwords in wa government agencies are putting sensitive data at risk hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'auroranebulosa what version of flash are you currently on jr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-092 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet dlpincidentschedulesummaryresult sql injection remote code exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp google map 4.0.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adminoffice recommended hardware pentium 4 or newer processor that supports sse2 512mb of ram 200mb of hard drive space mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 updateglyphflags out-of-bounds write' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewcisler great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seanm850 palemoonbrowser hi firefox sometimes uses more memory than it should try one of these easy fixes jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps brother hl series printers 1.15 cross-site scripting exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome showing alerts about incompatible applications in order to eliminate crashes in chrome infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts vulnerability exploited in live attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle we work hard then we play hard at club oracle lifeatoracle jothamkitara' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 lxc vulnerability usn-3136-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress quiz and survey master 4.7.8 4.5.4 xss csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'transform your creative process see how your business wins on windows10pro with a digital pen:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3328 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin multiple vulnerabilitie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we know that the linux kernel can be an overwhelming place that s why we are having an intro to linux kernel modu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how the fuck do you lose turkey the us just let them have rojava by force and already the turks are pissed off' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm infosphere information governance catalog detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2017:0175' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no hiding from the new web fingerprinting tech but one browser can still hide your id researchers are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jallex11 thanks jason we appreciate your great words here the is what keeps us going.thank you again for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vsphere client 5.5 6.0 xxe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sectorsect my wild guess is he was disappointed with what was offered as dirt earlier and wanted the emails and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dkiins21 hmm alright have you already tried these steps to troubleshoot network connection in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sssugarhigh hi we re here to help which windows version are you using also are you getting any error messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook if you d like your gaming device to be portable we suggest a laptop if you re looking to have a mo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle business intelligence publisher 1 1.1.1.7.0 obtain information vulnerability oracle business intelligence' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer engine denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018 cloud security report discover industry findings and best practices around cloudsecurity download now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker 1.13.0 rc2 supports building of docker debs for ubuntu 16.10 on ppc64le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dolshtawaleed thanks for clarifying could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is working fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'absamma we love your excitement are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtual machine introspection in malware analysis what is virtual machine introspection the word infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'election protection aims to secure candidates running for office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google researcher discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils curl docker linux rpm phsa-2017-1.0-0095 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off optinmonster get more email subscribers use coupon bf2016 wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7206 ms16-145 microsoft edge browser information disclosure i 3204062 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it always being about bitcoins shadow brokers retire theshadowbrokers is going dark making exit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just another video script 1.4.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unintended clipboard paste function in windows 10 leads to information leak in rs1 by steve povolny mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kyoshino pptsapper congrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'albuq54 hmm in the case we recommend reaching out to the google chrome forums for more specific help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 tiff vulnerabilities usn-3212-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nuclearanthro the collection offers a unique and historically broad perspective on virtually every major us nuclear weapon even' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons me waves to the ops team chuckling at your disbelief.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity first came mass mongodb ransacking now copycat ransoms hit elasticsearch infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera 55 web browser debuts with easier installation of chrome extensions more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pickyrunner if you need more help there s a support forum for self-hosted wordpress users here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos windows speech recognition buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4242-1 ruby-sprockets security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blarhh_bone you know it how have you been enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'were i the shadowbrokers i d encrypt using a good password but contents would be rick astley videos renamed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ftp server 1.32 credential disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kaspersky a chrome browser extension has been found stealing personal banking information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1541-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2424 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghulamostafa excellent keep us posted on any updates.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dhs cyber office plans 640m in buying through 2020 the critical infrastructure cyber protection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.11 net tipc msg.c tipc_msg_build buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the elite microsoft hacker team that keeps windows pcs safe security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foi needs a strong regulator via wordpressdotcom lt just foi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17733 released with finished file explorer dark theme microsoft just released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas get to the bottom of website performance issues read the to find ways to improve overall website and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update nemo-extensions opensuse-2018-874 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hidden bee miner hackers are employing a drive-by download attack to exploit a vulnerability in flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattblaze apologies for the lack of a voting village badge the year instead participants can assume the elected office of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security bods android system broadcasts enable user tracking theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vegetablies hi there these troubleshooting steps may help you update chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rootkit-based adware wreaks havoc among windows 10 users in the us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cameron_mcilroy that s what we like to hear cameron what are you liking about windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17730 is now available here s whats new today microsoft released windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2960 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress 4.2.0-4.7.1 press the ui available to unauthorised users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dbarnardwills both data protection authorities and data protection officers now have training obligations we interviewed them fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8824 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anomali amp flashpointintel discuss recent ddos attacks in upcoming webinar 12 9 2pm et register now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oz consumer watchdog up to speeds shouldn t be in broadband ads' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macoud12 we re glad we could be a part of your journey are you working on any interesting projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2089' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwaretechblog i first came across the method being used by scriptkiddie .net malware in 2008 10 years later it is now apparentl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abhijeetsafai that s music to our ears are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oreillymedia in a q amp a discussion at velocityconf oracle s kyork20 and netra s richard lee discuss netra s high-performance co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xaeth hi greg how is the work going for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security itechscripts video sharing script 4.93 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jrel hey there just wanted to check in how s everything running for you now we re here if you need us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel linuxkernel 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0098 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome testing infobar alerts on data-heavy web pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patch tuesday is out with fixes for flash player acrobat reader more adobe has published its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 xen ovmsa-2016-0171' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google santa installed macos nessus plugin id 110502 with info severity synopsis a binary whitelisting and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a quick look at windows api obfuscation via hashing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps alstrasoft video share enterprise 4.72 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet hyper.is the terminal written in html js and css run bash on windows and perform other feats of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bganesh11 mapping interest communities in russian facebook ads preliminary visualisation reveals a number of broad interest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress contact form maker 1.12.20 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux 2 glibc alas-2018-1048 nessus plugin id 111335 with high severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity new mac malware reported a malicious word doc and a fake software update mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fwzakiy hello there what format is are you using for the installation of the windows media' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers at dr web spotted a windows version of the mirai bot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla spider catalog lite 1.8.10 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt durumcrustulum john mcafee really murdered the competition in the category. pwnies bhusa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 ghostscript ovmsa-2017-0002' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for arbitrary code execution apsb18-24' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity dickinson wright welcomes attorney justin root to the firm s columbus office forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge chakra parameter scope parsing bug packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd graphicsmagick svg rendering vulnerability e714b7d2-39f6-4992-9f48-e6b2f5f949df nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6468 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt msexcel one spreadsheet limitless potential see how we created a soccer tournament predictor in excel:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338832 security update for adobe flash player july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join larry ellison tomorrow as he introduces oraclesoar the last upgrade you ll ever do register for the live' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate viral media script 1.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server url normalization denial of service nessus plugin id 110612 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14612 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhsa-2016:2947-1 critical flash-plugin security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brown pants moment for bluejeans dozens of av tools scream its vid chat code is malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt smgoreli poc works on latest vulnerable acrobat attached cve-2018-4990 acrobat reader dc double-free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts icoutils vulnerabilities usn-3226-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ytsecurity awesome thanks for getting back to us if you ever have any questions about windows 10 please let us know we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap security diagnostic tool unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability security diagnostic tool un' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-3492 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1526-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sousou thanks to efforts of linux foundation amp vendors have merged connectivity projects to ensure devices can communicate lfelc openiot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb shellcode linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv6 she' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash flaws dominate exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kylahsia googlechrome microsoftedge hi i am interested in the link of the video to see thank s -hellosct1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 10 linux news stories of 2016 the past year was packed with linux anniversaries and announcements the pa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uscert trending mcafee releases security bulletin for virus scan enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yaoinayakoro4ka thanks your site is using the free and open source wordpress software and is not hosted by us a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off bluehost wordpress hosting get a free domain limited time deal cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frugal_samurai thanks for the update we re also only seeing the last two revisions if you remember how to replic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mgbecken ericrzimmerman excellent congratulations thank you so much for trusting us for your cyber security training needs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perfect cyber storm threatens europe report says intensifying threat climate and regulatory changes infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec linux mono jit 4.6.2 compiler mismanagement multithread handling buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxaria adam_brown15 garibaldi_md wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to survive the death of flash networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 kernel 2016-ee3a114958 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenuskinawfer that looks great thanks for sharing are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability jre windows production relea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3776-1 chromium-browser security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'note that the exploit has been ported to windows 7 by wdormann and myself and he has it working without using pri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to clear your cache in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 2:libpng 2016-12c22499dd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office-themed phishes have 20 success rate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2171-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity attackers capitalizing on unpatched wordpress sites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft edge cve-2017-0002 remote privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security chatnow 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a game i wrote with my brother in 1987 has been archived in a museum here s a short video about the game running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch now oracle patches critical java vm vuln in key database products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee virusscan enterprise lt 8.8 patch 11 privilege escalation vulnerability sb10237 nessus plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-8201 a csrf vulnerability in brocade virtual traffic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity police burglars broke church window stole computer forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0124 uniscribe in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and r2 sp1 and windows 7 sp1 allo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tachiai_blog the comment button on your site is working fine for me in ff have you tried clearing your browser ca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase do you need more time to focus on innovations do you need speed and instant results are you struggling to keep pa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter gmail is ditching support for chrome on windows xp and vista the year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 962459 linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major microsoft fixes and risky android devices avast microsoft fixes 50 flaws for windows adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nigelgordijk yay we love hearing that what has made you fall in love with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress up to 4.7.0 multisite api ms-functions.php privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cloudbaseit announcing openvswitch 2.6 for hyperv and windowsserver mspartner linuxfoundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lfcms 3.7.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps finance website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katelhoy oh no have you tried these troubleshooting steps to repair chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peterkruse phishingai chase tangerinebank att bank_security and then there s the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting wordpress tagregator plugin version 0.6 suffers from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high ms16-144 cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059 severity rating criticalrevision not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 curl phsa-2018-1.0-0158 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp vulnerabilities let hackers alter messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress up to 4.6.0 upgrade package uploader class-file-upload-upgrader.php file_upload_upgrader ur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows media center 6.1.7600 ehshell.exe xml external entity injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update samba suse-su-2018:2320-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ketikanil hi there we d like to have one of our experts look into the for you could you post the in the chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great turnout at the dockerdublin meetup with lizrice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm to launch cheap n cheerful power server for i and aix userbase doctor blue says a little of what infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3151-3 linux kernel qualcomm snapdragon vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter data breach are you an android forums user resets your passwords now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln suse opensuse build service cve-2018-12466 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hiimaarongee great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle solaris securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mslavco albinowax all of the resources are from the same research e.g wordpress as php app and its db prepare method:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sherridavidoff big news in office 365 email hacking cases the week a secret utility to access a trove of microsoft activity logs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia is working towards better support for nvidia optimus on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news adobe acrobat reader dc security update installs chrome spyware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in many cases . authentication procedures are already in place for example usernames and passwords are often us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stormcloud 2017 see me speaking in london january 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 big-ip authentication logging flaw lets local users view rest passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jensthiel can you please email your traceroute output to us at help wordpress.com use traceroute request as the subject line so i can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee and lg collaborate to enable children a safer online experience helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot gateway runs linux on i.mx6ul offers thread and zigbee hackerboards nxp s volansys-built highly secur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3783-1 php5 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dont miss out on myhackerhouse flash sale on our live training next week we teach core competencies used in the s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity give the windows 10 start menu a classic look infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shortmsgserv currently building bro_ids on my raspberry_pi can t wait to see if anything is trying to access my network cyber' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tusharkhatiwada hmm could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps onc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd bro multiple memory allocation issues 2f4fd3aa-32f8-4116-92f2-68f05398348e nessus plug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mizdaddyflex oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution exploit cve-2018-12589 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is a great idea an app that lets the sighted assist the vision impaired over the network' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.7 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp malware targets indian android users central security services in india have issued a warning infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'followfriday issala owaspla issaoc for excellent dinner discussions reputable industry speakers amp appsec devel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to stop ssh session from disconnecting in linux ostechnix prevent ssh sessions from disconnecting in lin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sonicjosh789 thanks for the kind words what other apps have caught your eye on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-0706 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 apport vulnerabilities usn-3157-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kadexgaming excellent picks we enjoy using bastion for dps mercy for healing and roadhog as a tank when was y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap netweaver as java getuseruddielements sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maravillositoxd amazing are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fauxben good catch ben how are you enjoying windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you hear nessus cloud is now a part of tenableio vulnerability management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons meanwhile i consider such obliviousness to advan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux security flaw patched after years unspotted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowhb3 hi there how did the stream go we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i may have received the dumbest phishing spam of the year today. broken inline images left out the first n i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens automation license manager 5.x lt 5.3.4.4 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postgresql 9.3.x lt 9.3.24 9.4.x lt 9.4.19 9.5.x lt 9.5.14 9.6.x lt 9.6.10 10.x lt 10.5 multiple vuln nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hrsale 1.0.6 local file disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upgrade to v4.7.3 wordpress users advised' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation releases important security patches for multiple apache tomcat versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tenablecareers join our marketing team amp get to promote nessus amp the first ever cloud based vulman platform tenable.io' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zikula up to 1.3.10 1.4.3 on windows jcss.php directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jessicavalenti whenever i feel discouraged i remember the words of my then-3 yr old after she puked carrots on the floor i m gonna' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost shadowbrokers dump came from internal code repository insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update dpdk-thunderxdpdk suse-su-2018:1492-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert discovered a critical remote code execution flaw in apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec navetti pricepoint 4.6.0.0 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'running docker for ubuntu here s everything you ever wanted to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerabilities usn-3168-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons the only success i ve had is selectively disabli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomharristech nextclouders collaboraoffice personally i wouldn t congress candidates have near zero it budgets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla rsgallery2 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na vmsa-2017-0004 vmware product updates resolve remote code execution vulnerability via apache struts 2 rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gigstad_david hi david what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3144-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee curious about the cloud our latest report offers a detailed understanding of the present and future of cloud adop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser amp amp lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kunta_kinte41 understood let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 remote attackers denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory git updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_moon__lit_ eliothiggins is google broken where you are i m terribly sorry to hear that thoughtsandprayers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows up to server 2016 uniscribe information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 python-crypto euleros-sa-2018-1168 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sungard etrakit3 cve-2016-6566 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp backdoor allows snooping on encrypted messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-003 security update for adobe flash player 3214628' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3177-2 tomcat regression' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter one million broadband offline in germany external influence blamed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from your hands to our ears write instead of type using the power of tap to ink in the updated windows10 see how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if meek-azure or other bridges included in tor browser do not work additional bridges can be found at:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-8651 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to get the url of images you upload in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps alibaba clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14616 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt s_x87 i hope to attend oow18 sanfrancisco oracle oracledatabase' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-644 apple os x applebroadcombluetoothhostcontroller type confusion privilege escalation vulnerability zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to _optimiseprime linuxaria malcaresecurity wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd welcoming the newest oracleclassof at hq 262 new hires developing talent and investing in the future of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql cluster 7.2.25 7.3.14 7.4.12 cluster ndbapi denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0322 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zpring adobe patches critical flash player bug with active exploit via threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just another day at the office .at nasdaq marketsite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mailchimp accounts hacked to spam out malicious emails hackers broke into the mailchimp accounts of some infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2955 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla my msg 3.2.1 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syedjalal37 we agree are you currently using windows 10 syed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evading anomaly-based nids with empire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'never a boring day at the cisco umbrella office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keypatch 2.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we re happy to hear it are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '80-year-old inventor gil hyatt says patent office is waiting for him to die' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tamilnadu09 thanks for confirming let s try performing a browser reset by following these steps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nanopolymath great we appreciate you being a part of team windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 multiple heap buffer overflow vulnerabilities adobe flash player infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8645 the tcp stack in the linux kernel before 4.8.10 mishandles skb truncation which allows local users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5986 race condition in the sctp_wait_for_sndbuf function in net sctp socket.c in the linux k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postscript printers open to password theft through 32-year-old flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9919 the icmp6_send function in net ipv6 icmp.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.12 omits a certain check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 8th 2018 wed aug 8th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5546 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle apply out-of-band patch for database flaw asap oracle database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps courier tracking software 6.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers hackers have broken into a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arpitjournalist mind if we jump in arpit let s try performing a browser reset by following these steps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edgar martinez cloud user assistance developer at oracle is passionate about teaching kids to program in guadalaj' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perfect cyber storm threatens europe report says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 git cesa-2018:1957 nessus plugin id 110663 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.3.9 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to come to the us be prepared to hand over your passwords if you re on trump s hit list the register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobile menace monday a race to hidden ads infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hiphpie any joomla developer using mssql please take a minute and test testing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft opens skip ahead ring for windows 10 redstone 6 insider builds microsoft announced today that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'murzinho21 that s great to hear how long have you been a windows user for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee youtube facebook and apple jointly shut down alex jones today i don t mirror alex s beliefs but he has the right' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chasapple thanks keeps getting cut off if the text is too long need to fix the one of these days.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation windows 10 diagnostics hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_c0mrad excellent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple tv lt 11.4.1 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zemlin open source and the linux foundation has grown to so many amazing projects we have over 1300 members 30 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the help the iconews gave conning was invaluable:the information commissioner s office explained that legitimat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7261 the vmw_surface_define_ioctl function in drivers gpu drm vmwgfx vmwgfx_surface.c in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will the be last word in hack-proof os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'continuous lifecycle london 60 hours to get your proposals in show us the reality not the vision the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14678 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.11 as used in xen through 4.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariod78 whoops what kind of projects were you working on using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steve daheb on why oracle is best positioned to move customers to cloud hint follow the enterprise workloads' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevolunteers had a great time with cschoolsca sharing their work and passions with the future leaders of tomo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2016-1417' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'data broker exactis data breach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best drag and drop wordpress page builders compared 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3552 local security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update recommended update for mariadb suse-su-2016:2933-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure library loading code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tonybaer catching the livestream oracle releases autonomous database for oltp oracle atp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome multiple security vulnerabilities chrome multiple security vulnerabilitiesbugtraq id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco hybrid media service cve-2016-6470 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 2:qemu 2017-b953d4d3a4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using autofill in your browser you may be vulnerable to phishing attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4.6.x lt 4.6.16 4.7.x lt 4.7.9 4.8.x lt 4.8.4 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mirai variants leverage open source project aboriginal linux gives mirai new cross-platform infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver multiple privilege escalation vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are custom backgrounds in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add more entropy to improve cryptographic randomness on linux if you have linux servers that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1820-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps fashmark 1.2 category parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3804-1 linux security update bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows up to server 2016 privilege escalation cve-2017-0102' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic servers attacked following publication of poc code hackers have attacked the oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'queenmidalah are you working in the desktop app or in a browser is there an error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update cacti opensuse-2017-325 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9806 local denial of service vulnerability enterprise linux 6.2o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weekly security roundup the end of 2016 has brought us some interesting data regarding software infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubunsys an advanced system configuration utility for ubuntu power users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domains marketplace script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roventillc we love your support trevor are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsmith26 we re happy to hear it what do you use windows for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elchapox0x mispproject yeah you shouldn t have any problems you can install ubuntu so misp will run just fine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 zsh cesa-2018:1932 nessus plugin id 110652 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-1251 dbd-mysql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2018-886 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fritobito okay gotcha let s have you try the windows start menu troubleshooter did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hack wifi password easily using new attack on wpa wpa2 thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news i will eliminate passwords in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google shuts off chrome sync api for third-party browsers on android citing a security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singapore explores virtual browsers following singhealth data breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hugh_raine hi hugh how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld how are cloud leaders aicpa cern dell meta7solutions nationwide starwoodbuzz technologia and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how i wear my mcafeepride infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'falla in whatsapp sarebbero a rischio le chat criptate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps vanelo sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2879-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln php ext standard var_unserializer.c memory corruption vulnerability ubuntu linux 16.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle why an enterprise cloud platform needs modern dns kyork20' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joesales i can change the currency on your account what is the username or send us an email help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability in googlechrome and mozilla firefox could allow an attacker to collect the profile picture and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office huey the color copying chameleon lamp cybertronic chameleon copies colors copiously infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3104 outside_in_technology vulnerability in the oracle outside in technology component of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6829 the trove service user in 1 openstack deployment aka crowbar-openstack and 2 trove barclamp a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new method discovered for cracking wpa2 wi-fi passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5-year-old linux kernel local privilege escalation flaw discovered a 5-year-old serious privilege infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 enterprise getting inprivate deskop sandboxed execution feature a recent windows 10 insider infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm kenexa lms on cloud cve-2016-8928 unspecified sql-injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update util-linux suse-su-2017:0554-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos windows speech recognition buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 openssl photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0010- a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rguice_writer awesome we re always here to help are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9562 sap netweaver as java 7.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service null pointer excepti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikko at my last place we had a factory in glasgow using windows 3.11 for workgroups for their scada system that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201702-08 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update your system vmware plugs rce hole in remote management agent airwatch for android amp windows mobile:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the us startup is disappearing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd upnp multiple vulnerabilities 244c8288-cc4a-11e6-a475-bcaec524bf84 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'health care data of 2 million people in mexico exposed online it has been reported that a mongodb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics forensicators have you heard bec amp o365 making sense of all the noise webcast w mbromileydfir tuesday july' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and setup maxcdn in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0014-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news govcert.hk security alert a17-01-02 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player and adobe reader acr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security my private tutor website builder script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2286-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beland_matt i love words and appreciate the distinction which others brought up too i disagree with it if we tr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft powerpoint file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kittybrownphoto hi kitty have you tried these steps to download amp install chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5200 v8 in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.98 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vengeful hacker exposes domainfactory customer banking data and passwords a german web-hosting firm has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'interested in computer science find everything you need to know oracleacademy highered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flaw in macos high sierra lets hackers dump all passwords from keychain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 is microsoft preparing to fix one of its users biggest complaints microsoft appears to be infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kingbroly hello how often are you seeing the we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases security alert nccic cyber cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new aslr-busting javascript is about to make drive-by exploits much nastier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serious brooch shade the week. ht simonhg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3678-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.11 net dccp input.c dccp_rcv_state_process denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.626 bypass a restriction obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee unhackable cyber expert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkchunni music to our ears which windows 10 features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excited to be coming home to blackhat next week in vegas meet up with me at the citrix booth 252 for books ban' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip f5 tcp ipv6 vulnerability k46535047 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dondreak hi there have you tried restarting the device and relaunching chrome also could you confirm if you re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion chrome v8 has an element confusion issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out what the international space station has to say about linux foundation training' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin corner ad 1.0.7 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tim2040 i ve blogged about elizabeth denham s problematic endorsement of ardikolah s disappearing gdpr book' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'urbangardens the email is from us we ve forced password resets on some account as a precaution if you have more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'less compiler prior 3.0 javascript compiler less.js privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linus torvalds describes linux kernel developer s network of trust at lfosls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officenews new microsoft planner integration in sharepoint create and add plans to your site then access them on your share' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_8_0-openjdk opensuse-2018-641' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bernhardjenny your .blog domain is already working for me clear your browser cache if it s not working yet for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bellag012 can you please check that you have javascript enabled on safari and also that it s updated to the newest version.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how one open source component put 25 of java applications at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious android apps infected with windows keyloggers pulled from google play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook bb 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11 vulnlab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update samba suse-su-2016:3299-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct sale the shadow brokers summary of the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'press shift f10 during windows10 upgrade to launch root cli amp bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.0.2 denial of service overflow vulnerability the team mailing lists advertising info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pwnallthethings 12 russian intelligence officers charged with hacking dnc presidential campaign and hilary clinton and releasing it under g2 and dcleaks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blacktiedomi right because nobody can crack password hashes my point is that assuming that s possible and we ll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity warns against fraudulent forex broker phishing websites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theoneisbiotic ah gotcha we re happy to hear that how are you enjoying the recent windows 10 features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fullo hi you should regain the full power of your browser by following these steps cv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to solve selinux issues with ease using selinux alert browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyanogen parts ways with its founder consolidation plan will shutter once office but is hoped to unify infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 29.0.0.171 apsb18-19 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cory bernardi afp officers and judges hit by hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component jcart for opencart 2.0 product_id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theburnstech thanks for the info could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsecvideos blackhat derbycon 2016 introducing deepbluecli a powershell module for hunt teaming via windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers return with more elite nsa cyberweapons infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:2912-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brendanl79 music to our ears how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ihop if it s browser ihop so help us .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'errantthinker thanks for the compliment alberto what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redis-cli buffer overflow cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 memcached rhsa-2016:2820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos linux 7.5 operating system is now available for ibm power9 architecture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 teeworlds 2016-16a522f9a6 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'killdiskransomware targets linux demands 250 000 ransom but won t decrypt files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when mcafee_labs predicted the threats of 2018 it looked like we had quite the year ahead of us but what guesses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update wpa_supplicant suse-su-2018:1659-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joeljay hey joel we re thrilled to hear that have you been using windows 10 for long' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colinl sure thing the guide is quite handy as you settle in to windows 10 let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giuliani and top trump white house officials hacked passwords leaked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3138-1 python-cryptography vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8403 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that microsoft browsers access objects in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'long live the oddly charming poetry of the mail-order catalog longreads poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3145-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'python-based adware evolves to install malicious browser extensions malware adware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3158-1 samba vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter iot powered ddos attacks and scada incidents will make top security headlines in 2017 bitdefender' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'according to new research coinhive is likely raking in over 250 000 per month from in-browser cryptomining:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14734 drivers infiniband core ucma.c in the linux kernel through 4.17.11 allows ucma_leave_multicast to ac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'post pagination how to split wordpress posts into multiple pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin simply poll 1.4.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sarahaminnc great our team will automatically receive a report if chrome crashes again reach out if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe quietly bundles data-collecting chrome extension with latest reader update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld from entrepreneurs to disruptors we re proud to host so many female leaders in business and technology at oowbr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome https by default d-day is tomorrow folks security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-154 critical security update for adobe flash player 3209498 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'practicalgamer that s a slick build when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix common image issues in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to set a minimum word count for wordpress posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ics scada security woes linger on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use and make the most of fuser command in linux howtoforge suppose you are given a task to identify t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.1 fixes csrf xss phpmailer vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2022 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dup scout http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201808-02 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq admin custom login wordpress plugin custom login page affected by persistent cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'register for oracle fy19 global partner kickoff happening today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'good news nessus cloud is now a part of tenableio vulnerability management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7688 a missing permission check in the review handling of opensuse open build service before 2.9.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 bind97 rhsa-2017:0064 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip hackers are hustlers stay a step ahead of the next threat when you scan your pc see how here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple denial of service vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018 snort scholarship winners' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pvbaikun that s odd could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pompeii_sites pompeii a bronze candelabrum discovered during new excavations in the regio v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver cve-2017-0430 privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter lenovo system interface foundation on win10 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt staysafeonline don t get burned the summer join our summer of scams chatstc we ll be discussing the most common cyber tricks t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nakedsecurity earlier the week we said the planebae saga should worry us all but now you don t need to take our word for it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly switch from wix to wordpress 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'client for windows 2.0.1.11 privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 mrg rhsa-2018:2165 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 apache phsa-2018-2.0-0065 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6672 information disclosure vulnerability in mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3.0 through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nodazra hey there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_steve3 pretty cool right have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bartmallio cnoanalysis jfslowik misp for indicators and malware data excel for tracking efforts confluence for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to darryl_macleod robertbrooks07 linuxaria wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a localhost in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ankit_anubhav lol in case you have an antminer machine amp the root password is not working today try luck555yes as a hacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp automation open source tool for automatically sending and receiving whatsapp messages using selinium a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vu bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 lxc vulnerability usn-3224-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings davidmackau angela merkel s office has released the pho see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netn8 we love seeing how windows helps our users get things done thanks fo being such a fan all these years.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7868 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable buf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-14 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress pie register blind sql injection wordpress pie register plugin versions prior to 3.0.9 suffer from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft unexpectedly drops windows 7 support for some ancient cpus infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_justinluna music to our ears have you checked out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crossterminal that s great to hear which games are you streaming the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 samba elsa-2018-1860' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017 symantec network protection products that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want a secure way to sync saved passwords across your devices try the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash flaws dominate exploit kits in 2016 the top 10 vulnerabilities the year were mostly adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google cloud container builder is here for all of your docker builds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jepaynemsft if you are overwhelmed by various windows logon types and not sure how to track them in your environment i wrote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft windows kernel ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans webcast java on the server what could possibly go wrong updated by adriendbavailable now recorded:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssh 7.8p1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam okay idiots is probably way too nice word for them e_kaspersky continuing everyth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 httpd 2016-260d22944d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elitetechcs ah okay if it happens again be sure to let us know how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hide a wordpress page from google seo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce linux kernel buffer overflow via brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress wp quick booking manager cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt halvarflake i have long been of the opinion that cfi in the browser is a hugely complicated engineering beast whose benefits do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na usn-3156-2 apt regression' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability couchdb cve-2016-8742 local pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javarketta for those people we have auto-update enabled by default wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for internet explorer july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leaky radio devices broadcast chipset data discover researchers researchers at eurecom s3 group found infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s ghost busters we can scare off spectre haunting chrome tabs site isolation keeps pages fully infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 jboss eap rhsa-2017:0171 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3161-4 linux kernel qualcomm snapdragon vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you were attempting to use gpo to control file extension association in windows 10 v1709 prevents that from wor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supreme court issue notice to whatsapp and facebook over privacy policy the supreme court of india has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lynis auditing tool 2.6.5 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abuanwan we re glad you re a fan how is your recent windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews unpatched wordpress flaw gives attackers full control over your site and execute arbitrary code it affects all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coppackonrisk user feedback helps us make windows better we would appreciate it if you shared your thoughts with us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hiteshdixit952 thanks for your kind words are you a current windows user hitesh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud we get our mondaymotivation from montefiorenyc which proudly aims to save lives and certainly succeeds see how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-twisted opensuse-2016-1482 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link tl-wa850re remote command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201703-03 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 home hub is microsoft s response to amazon echo and google home' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla onevote 1.0 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent advice for those looking to form or join an advisory board by thomas bennett' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office pok mon pikachu silicone mold pikachu used ice ball we don t remember pikachu being infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers exits releasing another arsenal of tools to hack windows securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7258 the kernel in microsoft windows 10 gold 1511 and 1607 and windows server 2016 mishandles page-faul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin slider templatic tevolution lt 2.3.6 arbitrary file uplo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel ack challenge infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirgray hmm can you go to your chrome dashboard amp check to see if you have anything listed under bookmarks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow hacker a hacker who changes names frequently to avoid detection. broker a broker is an individual pe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asus dsl-n12e_c1 1.1.2.3_345 remote command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel packet_set_ring race condition lets local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday dotcms 3.6.1 blind boolean sql injection vulnerability cve-2017-5344 webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-1247 the nginx package before 1.6.2-5 deb8u3 on debian jessie and the nginx packages before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt k8em0 happened in a congressional staffer s office in 2015 re wassenaar arrangement.him oh i heard about the on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 perl libmspack zsh photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0050 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qnap q center change_passwd command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3100 business_process_management_suite vulnerability in the oracle business process management suite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow ismartviewpro version 1.5 suffers from a password-related buffer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center millions exposed to malvertising that hid attack code in banner pixels a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14017 the r_bin_java_annotation_new function in shlr java class.c in radare2 2.7.0 allows rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_brett_grant glad to hear everything is running smoothly how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd2ultima got it we d like to have one of our experts look into the further could you post the in the chrome fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sap pushes to patch risky hana security flaws before hackers strike infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more than 8 800 wordpress plugins out of 44 705 are wordpress nsa malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5002 analysis of the second wave of flash zero-day exploit in 2018 adobe flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3138-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevinwelge thanks for the kind words we re thrilled that we re able to help keep the peace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can anyone who has tried tell me if google arm chromebook can run android studio with native arm emulator i m in n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows scf file feature bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multigamerclub let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the fbi is wrongly telling people to change passwords frequently motherboard security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof private tutor site supposedly the world s largest tutoring network massively fails password test' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removes inline installation option for chrome extensions helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gcabray were they among the posts you recently deleted also if you did not delete several posts please update your password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gentilkiwi if you want to know how i can find passwords credentials in memory so easily read jessica s thread you may unde' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser autofill feature can leak your personal information to hackers just like most of you i too infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanjand69 got it try resetting your chrome settings to default let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-2887 ibm ims enterprise suite data provider before 3.2.0.1 for microsoft .net allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great quiz to test your knowledge of docker trivia by jaxentercom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook osquery installed macos nessus plugin id 110644 with info severity synopsis an operating system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2059-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cracking the walls of the safari sandbox fuzzing the macos windowserver for exploitable vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass password manager affected by multiple security flaws researcher reveals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs blockchain the revolutionary tech that has changed the perception of currency still comes with numerous security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maldoc with fake error idn detection in google chrome tls 1.3 facebook collecting call sms data podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more malspam pushing password-protected word docs for azorult and hermes ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa identity governance and lifecycle bypass xss packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3716-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patryric hi richard we d like to help what happens when you try playing videos in chrome do you see an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla directorix directory manager 1.1.1 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5223 integer overflow in pdfium in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2017:0091' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pwnallthethings and it s not just a couple of emails your personal email is where forgot my password reset emails get sent once' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox 5.1.10 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my rss feed is no longer broken.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloudnativefdn s new incubating project helm simplifies kubernetes stormy seas by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbertramp to self-hosted wordpress sites.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts firefox vulnerability usn-3682-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity is your office printer vulnerable to being attacked infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with more than 340 patents and counting fortinet s visionary innovation is driving the evolution of s fortinet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theultimateend okay you have a self-hosted wordpress site not a site best place for help with the is the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raptik88 thanks for the report which os browser combination are you using while seeing the error pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter photon os 2.0 zsh python3 xerces mercurial pmd pycrypto net python2 util mysql p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous hacktivist barrett brown released from prison' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews watch out cybercriminals using a new simple yet effective technique to bypass microsoft office 365 anti-phishin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patch tuesday is out with fixes for flash player acrobat reader more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'computer security sales market is set for a potential growth worldwide excellent technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security schoolhos cms 2.29 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 qemu-kvm alas-2018-1034 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update pacemaker opensuse-2016-1376 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prmshkte010 that s quite a long time what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wolfsight cms 3.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 samba4 rhsa-2018:1883 nessus plugin id 110604 with low severity synopsis the remote red ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linuxsec k4linux linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kurobeats i watched the mcafee documentary gringo there s literally witnesses saying he paid 5k to have his nei' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity social media blamed for rise in stolen passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mystblurnerd we love your support which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lynis auditing tool 2.6.8 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability kernel 4.4.30li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco web security appliance l4 traffic monitor bypass nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail cloud first visit booth 2521 at nrf17 and learn about our 30 retail cloud apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'configuring a custom dns resolver and the native dns resolver in the same vcn oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecx learn 3 key reasons customerexperience must be a core value of your business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle business intelligence publisher 11.1.1.7.0 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java des' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284860 windows 10 june 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln eyesofnetwork cve-2017-6088 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix privilege escala 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current ntp ssa:2018-229-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc bind 9.x.x lt 9.9.13-p1 9.10.x lt 9.10.8-p1 9.11.x lt 9.11.4-p1 9.12.x lt 9.12.2-p1 deny-answer-ali nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 child process restriction mitigation bypass exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 expat elsa-2016-2824' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'put a little splunk in it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 5 6 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2017-3522' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_abcdefghelmi hi there are you still having issues installing windows 10 we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morgankakashi glad to hear your pc is running smoothly how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a table of content in wordpress posts and pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter iot product development is broken 6 ways developers and manufacturers can fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt briankrebs mark my words there will come a day when anyone worth killing will need to have their own fleet of personal anti-d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft urges enterprises to say farewell windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress filedownload plugin cve-2015-1000004 cross-site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rieva thanks for giving that a try as a next step could you also try resetting your chrome settings to default a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vsphere client xxe injection information disclosure vmsa-2016-0022' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens releases firmware updates to patch simatic flaws scada ics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter red hat jboss enterprise application platform denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps auction script 6.49 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haydenrossmann that s odd can you also confirm the version of chrome you re using to check type in chrome: ver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anthonythomaas hi anthony try the steps in the guide to download and install chrome let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kotpal hey there we re glad you re a fan when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peachs0da that s what we like to hear glad you re having a great experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker swings door shut on privilege escalation bug the post doesn t have enough text content please infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with march madness in full swing online scams go for the steal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress mailchimp 3.1.5 4.0.10 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'football app tracks illegal broadcasts using your microphone and gps nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt whatisdotcom word of the day spear phishing cybersecurity phishing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pwn2own 2017 takes aim at linux servers and web browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'accelerating digital literacy worldwide oracle pledges 1.4 billion to support computer science education in the e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers say there are multiple ways redirect to smb xss to exploit the unpatched smb 0day in windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'case study security of modern bluetooth keyboards packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github to warn users on compromised passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonahemery hi jonah looks very organized which other features in windows 10 are helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aix 6.1 tl 9 ntp iv91803' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 1.1 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '16 tools to create better images for your blog posts wordpress blogging' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-857-1 libdatetime-timezone-perl new upstream version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows score a surface at a sweet blackfriday price from microsoftstore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djddueces hi there we love your enthusiasm which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'think broadly to keep ahead of the next threat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter no credentials provided nessus plugin id 110723 with info severity synopsis nessus was able to find c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for november 2016 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mmallender hi there please reach out to us at passwordhelp wordpress.com from the email address being used and we ll take a look.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution exploit cve-2018-12589 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3664-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee labs threats predictions report previews cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joab_jackson the autonomous oracle database could save money by requiring less administrative management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a curious tale of the priest the broker the hacked newswires and 100 million of insider trades' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday starting page 1.3 category parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security expert disclosed a full zero-day drive-by exploit for linux leveraging snes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 samba cesa-2018:1860 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ewaduraj no problems that we re aware of what exactly is going wrong does clearing the browser cache help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics jailbroken iphones stopping up your day get the latest tips in the updated smartphoneforensics poster always fre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ifdate social dating script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marioskaratzias what influences the influencers in brussels whatsapp amp twitter are the most used socialmedia across all eu in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 7 sp1 nfo file handler msinfo32.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wrightdlca hi there do you have any questions we could help with we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hancom office 2014 hangul hcell document heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sites defaced as wordpress thousands are left unpatched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 qemu-kvm cesa-2017:0083' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a post status in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft store is prompting older windows 10 versions to update the microsoft store has started to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tessthe5th those are some epic choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seriously are we still having a conversation on strong passwords while there are many technologies that will req' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mongodb databases actively hijacked for extortion infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.9 rc7 linus torvalds still on the regular sunday release schedule here s rc7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why linux is more secure that windows but still not as malware-free as you might think linux is being infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theludophil gotcha thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enigma fileless uac bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ugly password gaffe plagues cryptkeeper encryption app threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 security can be bypassed by settings page weakness nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday global in sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3147-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dmrhen hi there we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t miss a single ces2017 announcement check out all the major pc updates on the windows blog:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-16134 cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 allows xss via a uri cvss:0.0 last update:2018-08-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vladik105gg1 ah gotcha we love having loyal users like you what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redbus clone script 3.05 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5549 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5549 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'greencms 2.3.0603 information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what does the term media mean in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security quadz school management system 3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player security flaws used in most exploit kits security research shows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2017-3332 local security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vanbiztherapper excellent choices are you working on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using new way to bypass microsoft office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee opens state-of-the-art security research lab in oregon by steve povolny mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securitymb blogged about quite an unexpected bug in a browser in 2018 setting arbitrary headers via crlf injection in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6968 the vmware airwatch agent for android prior to 8.2 and airwatch agent for windows mobile prior to 6.5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report more than 100k wordpress web pages defaced following disclosure of patched bug l wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome http 1xx out of bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_odisseus granetman cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 bind9 vulnerabilities usn-3201-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'index facebook bb 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melissawiebe ah okay let us know how it s running once you do how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201808-01 chromium google chrome multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases security update for chrome original release date july 24 2018 google has released c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3144-2 linux kernel omap4 vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten tomorrow i ll take part in a panel discussion as part of the cybersecurity future summit it is to be broadcast li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ny attorneys targeted in phishing scam involving ag s office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2060-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1949:01 moderate ansible security and bug fix update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.32 denial of service obtain information vulnerability linux kernel 4.4.32 denial of service obt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt louismarinos enisa-forth nis summer school 201824-28 september in heraklion crete don t miss an excellent networking and tr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'let oracle help transform your tomorrow today oracleacs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a view from the rsac soc first full day at rsa conference 2017 started with an excellent keynote and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the she word jen holland and her career expedition in honor of women s history month we re celebrating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'special counsel mueller charges 12 russian intelligence officers with hacking democrats during 2016 election' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'untermrad we re happy to hear things are running smoothly are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3142-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popular android password managers expose credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12323 an issue was discovered on momentum axel 720p 5.1.8 devices a password of ehlgvg is ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother_d78 those are all great apps thanks for your feedback.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the us patent office has a booth at worldcon the is the real patent filed on r2d2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how the russians broke into the democrats email and how it could have been avoided' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimmyselix that s awesome jimmy which features in windows 10 are you enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you know how to protect your digital lifestyle get some tips from esafetyoffice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the need for better password security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update bash opensuse-2016-1374 shellshock nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new free chrome plug-in blocks cryptojacking browser attacks darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ventussanctus ah gotcha let us know if you remember how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rwfholme music to our ears how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle to launch adaptive intelligent apps the spring status of oracle data cloud less certain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 nss vulnerabilities usn-3163-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap trex remote code execution vulnerability trex remote code execution vulnerability8 nov 2016 summa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber extortionists hold mysql databases for ransom ransomware has become cyber crooks favorite attack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'troy wolverton password manager heightens online security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kieranopoole gotcha how is the rest of your windows experience going at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows doubleagent attack turns av tools into malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'courier management system cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disk savvy http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus plugin id 110553 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you need to be able to record who had access to data when and where--for forensic purposes duncanwbrown hpediscover security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.1 adobe flex sop bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt owaspbristol join us at our next owasp bristol event to talk about dns as cyber tool amp red team tactics against a windows net' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deadly killdisk malware now in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patch tuesday fix issues for zero-day in flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tmesick1 excellent congrats on earning grem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bleu_jane hey joan what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd firefox heap buffer overflow rasterizing paths in svg with skia e3e68fe8-d9cb-4ba8-b09c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown why is marketing ops so vital for sales and the c-suite marketingops cmo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twmanson duckduckgo it s the default search engine of tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1879:01 moderate glibc security and bug fix update an update for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windowstrojan spreads mirai malware to hack more iot devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix common ssl issues in wordpress beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gepeto42 thegrugq security awareness trainings i m sure the average one creates more risk by forcing flash and stupid advi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the whatsapp to start charging hoax chain letter is spreading yet again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office the legend of zelda legendary edition volume 1 a great destiny experience the magic of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the dumbest passwords people still use everybody knows that 12345 is a bad password but what they re infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome has an in-built malware scanner here s how to use it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehcm congratulations to sri_intl for going live on oracle hcm cloud and payroll oraclecustomers oraclecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter splunk rest endpoint lets remote users obtain potentially sensitive information on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at home in akron tufin opens new office in the city of invention' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-2997 buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have i been pwned now built into firefox 1password firefox 1password troyhunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ironkey d300 ultra durable usb flash drive with built-in encryption when it comes to portable and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq apple-sa-2017-01-23-6 icloud for windows 6.1.1 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebolger charlsmartin amazon googlechrome we wish you to try fox pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariqamul hello we appreciate your patience with updates which version of windows are you using currently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reviewcafe are you using in the browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'livinkibbles wordpress we provide 24 7 support for the sites we host on if you need help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat jboss enterprise web server 2.1 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld oraclecloud enables businesses to stay current and modernize no matter what the future brings oowbr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scribbling_page we re always on the lookout for new ways to make windows better can you share the with us here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero2029 thanks so much how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a great reason to get on top of your k8s security weightwatchers ran a no-password kubernetes instance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 denial of service vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 denial of service vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'komran_od hmm have you tried restarting the device and relaunching chrome to see if that helps also does the h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-day flaw in macos high sierra lets hackers dump all passwords from keychain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imation to fork out 11m in patent suit ironkey flash drive patent was at stake a jury has found that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intertrust and jscrambler launch joint solution to protect mobile and javascript applications helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for those confused iqy files open in excel they display one security warning if a user clicks through they down' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-006 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 4013073 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix the handling of the virtual registry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3744-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-1880 the linux compatibility layer in the kernel in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver multiple privilege escalation vulnerabilities google nexus infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extension created that adds chrome activity to the windows 10 timeline' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jtenos hi joe how are things running for you after the install we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter f5 networks big-ip linux kernel vulnerability k17309' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt linuxmagic malwrhunterteam seems like a large scale chinese bot doing brute force attempts tomcat manager html new or old attack vector' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'criminals don t read instructions or use strong passwords mon jul 9th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a remote code execution vulnerability present in the windows dnsapi would allow an attacker to take over the t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce plugin amp lt 1.5.4 csv injecti 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft office powerpoint 2010 mso ordinal5429 missing length check heap corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github password checking security tool will check your password for breaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld tap into the power of connections at oracle openworld oow18' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 unzip photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0052 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5223 integer overflow in pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component community quiz 4.3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june patch tuesday flash microsoft amp spectre infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers exits releasing another arsenal of tools to hack windows the shadowbrokers hacking group infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macs don t get viruses hahaha ha seriously though that word doc could be malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps viavi real estate sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alex_mlem hmm alright let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityyasin on the subject of moving away from adobeflash here s a reminder on how to update it or uninstall completely' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update glibc on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday glink word link script 1.2.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 cobbler rhsa-2018:2372 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2250 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2166' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 suddenly killing internet connectivity for some users infosec itsecuritynews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc headed to blackhat2018 bro_ids core contributor remor is speaking and will provide a comprehensive bro overview' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5167 the web console and javascript debugger do not sanitize all output that can be hyperlinked both will' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows powershell xxe information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scmoracle send your loved ones a special valentine s day photo at the photo booth iheartscm oraclemsce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-779-1 tomcat7 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'accurate cross-browser fingerprinting is possible researchers show a group of researchers have come up infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdvolker understood the is due to the change in previous version of chrome check the link for more info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cern concern particle boffins join backlash against euro patent office s king battistelli physicists infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds with pcileech mac hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox add-on snoops on 200 000 users browsing activities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity uk targets whatsapp encrypted messaging apps following london attack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux arm execve bin sh bin sh null shellcode 32 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft products flaws let remote users access and modify data and local users access data on the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expanding our vulnerability reward program to combat platform abuse posted by eric brown and marc henson infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eveythekittah comcast googlechrome youtube netflix hi what version of chrome and firefox do you use what kin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana hack could help anyone unlock hijack your windows 10 sure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution topic classlink oneclick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are remote offices becoming the new normal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new php exploitation technique could leave thousand of websites at risk of hacking including wordpress blogs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt msexcel one spreadsheet limitless potential see how we created a soccer tournament predictor in excel:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode windows x64 download amp execute shellcode 358 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln brocade network advisor cve-2016-8206 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a73ssandr0 sounds very handy have you noticed any other helpful features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeatoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress quiz and survey master 4.7.8 4.5.4 xss csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irwin that s extremely disappointing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senpaiknowsit hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lukeb_uk we re glad you like it have you been using windows to work on any cool projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office thinkgeek galaxy bedding' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 sudo ovmsa-2016-0170' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_business creating a comprehensive culture of security in an organization reaches beyond the parameters of the business and i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brunoborges very excited to be part of the change oracle developers program shaping up with oraclecode kicking off in march' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.2.5 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xalexei my slides on reverse engineering windows defender s binary emulator as presented reconmtl blackhatevents and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 5.6.x lt 5.6.29 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9083 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 allows local users to by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to centminmod wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3168-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxaria taiyyib mbenlakhoua wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'china s first fully homegrown web browser used by key government bodies under fire for heavily copying google' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out our top picks for docker and kubernetes networking tools bigswitch projectcalico weaveworks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the wait is almost over attend the london release broadcast to see our latest innovations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside paypal s ci infrastructure git docker mesos jenkins aurora and travis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scare376 we re so glad you re enjoying windows how long have you been a user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1965-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft naked security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking down the propagate code injection attack what makes propagate unique is that it uses windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peterhoneyman oh no check out the article for tips on repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4226-1 perl security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjewest that s quite the throwback what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 bypass a restriction or similar obtain information vulnerability adobe flash playe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip to your s content with the easier to use emoji panel in windows10 express yourself:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 ghostscript 2016-15d4c05a19 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 2:cri-o 2018-320cb9d7fb nessus plugin id 110698 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jlwallen says sharklinux illustrates one aspect of open source which is we get to do it our way' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss secur fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q3 oracle cpu preview fewer java se patches may not mean fewer flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it turns out private browsing isn t as secure as you think learn about these other privacy myths to ensure your pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cleetusbocefus arturodicorinto the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 jboss eap rhsa-2017:0826' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cgminer 4.10.0 bfgminer 5.5.0 buffer overflow arbitrary file write packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress image slider 1.1.41 1.1.89 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt musalbas i would love it if there was an option in browsers to disable sending the referrer when loading resources from exte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase everything i just talked about is available immediately. larry ellison want to try atp get your free trial her' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nameless_coyote glad to know it s now working reach out if you have any chrome questions in the future we re just a tweet away.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft adds new features to office 365 advanced threat protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stevebellovin note carefully zeynep s wording with meaningful audit processes .seatbelts don t protect you if you don t wear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft com for windows improper serialized object handling microsoft com for windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'signed dridex malware browsealoud plugin breach bitgrail insolvent after breach podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some pwn2own 2017 news today zdi offering 1m across five categories offering 80k for exploits against edge chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cybercrime unit formed in atlanta u.s attorney s office forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5725 directory traversal vulnerability in jcraft jsch before 0.1.54 on windows when the mode is channels' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5184 pdfium in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for windows mac and linux 54.0.2840.85 for android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7559 an issue was discovered in opc ua .net standard stack and sample code before github comm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338823 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we don t mean to alarm you but ibm s mcafee-as-a-service cloudy antivirus is wobbling infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patnaciagoodman please copy your draft into a text editor like notepad then clear your browser cache and cookies and try again.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why firewalls are not recommended for securing scada systems scada systems need to be secure yet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracletennis just in oracle is the title sponsor of ita_tennis summer circuit powered by myutr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'callmerubbertoe hi robert can you let us know what version of chrome you re using type in chrome: version in the address bar.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14615 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows uniscribe font processing heap-based out-of-bounds write in usp10 u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu transport layer security library 3.4.17 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ripedevilfruit hi there what happens when you try to play videos on chrome do you see an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9644 the _get_user_asm_ex macro in arch x86 include asm uaccess.h in the linux kernel 4.4.22 through 4.4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pegasusepsilon infosec_thn aaronmargosis which linux gentoo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to sort posts by post expiration date in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current samba ssa:2018-229-02 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huzaifakhan04 okay sounds good how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to hertogjanr gn3mes1s jonathasrr wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 windows server 2019 to get leap second support microsoft plans to officially support leap infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgeneratedcontent::hasgeneratedsvgmarker type con' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smosser we were hoping someone would like that stephen how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2016-1181 remote code execution vulnerability apache struts cve-2016-1181 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress why we didn t tell you about a big zero-day we fixed last week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libvorbis opensuse-2018-591' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 6 thunderbird cesa-2018:2251 nessus plugin id 111356 with high severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in edgecomputing we are going to see a few big players and we must not forget oracle.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news oracle patches raft of vulnerabilities in business applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center firefox and tor release urgent update for 0-day thats under active attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle customers gartner_inc wants to hear from you complete an approved review on an oracle product using the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 18214 is now available with one new feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt troyhunt it s alive on the chrome 68 day see the who s who of non-secure communication in scott_helme s and my little pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'preparing security for windows 7 end-of-life support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'california adds cybersecurity office to protect against election hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation reminder that windows defender exploit guard has some pretty awesome auditing capabilities that can be used to supp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptolulz hacked the website of the russian embassy of sqlinjection hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts ant vulnerability usn-3721-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebolger charlsmartin amazon googlechrome we wish you to try fox pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin multiple vulnerabilitie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-day exploits could wreak havoc on linux desktops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_8_0-ibm suse-su-2018:1738-1 nessus plugin id 110620 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sleepysecninja set up a wordpot sensor on anomali and gbrindisi for these awesome projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4253-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress comments import amp amp amp export plugin amp amp lt 2.0.4 csv injectio 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'advanced mobile malware campaign in india uses malicious mdm ciscosecurity talossecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gossithedog tiraniddo pwnallthethings excel games what dude you live in a very bizarre universe.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd bro multiple memory allocation issues 2f4fd3aa-32f8-4116-92f2-68f05398348e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one-in-two javascript project audits by npm tools sniff out at least one vulnerability theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we believe the mcafee cloud for secure elections program will fill a foundational security requirement for cloud b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sccmentor we re glad to hear of your experience paul how has the rest of your time in windows been going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'belyndariosword gotcha let us know if you see any error codes or messages we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud what s oracle s vision for the cloud hear from oracle executives amp industry thought leaders at cloudworld nyc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djtoofine hello there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln rpcbind rpcb_svc_com.c remote memory corruption vulnerability ubuntu linux 15.04ubun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft com for windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai variant cross-compiles attack code with aboriginal linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt troelsoerting the is a very good read and an excellent example of what we are globally up against when facing adaptive and aggr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt clandest1n windows where command is pretty sweet.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9596 libxml2 as used in red hat jboss core services and when in recovery mode allows context-dependent a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla dcrc 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin slideshowpro arbitrary file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psa to oracle cloud investors sell sell sell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display breadcrumb navigation links in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security e-soft24 jokes portal script seo 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp vulnerabilities could let malicious users modify private group chats and fakenews or spread misinfo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'via wired cool hardware may change your mind about windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-9686 the puppet communications protocol pcp broker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joshuadone epic choice are any apps or features in windows 10 helping you stay productive at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2016 updated on windows desktop with new features for insiders microsoft has just infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'argentina s manager looks like grant mitchell about to have an argument with his brother.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch ransomware attacks now number in the thousands like the mongodb ransomware attacks before infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-1328 the overlayfs implementation in the linux aka linux kernel package before 3.19.0-21.21 in ubuntu t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pc security stepped up with new windows goodbye screen lock sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to automatically remove default image links in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news users reuse passwords on massive scale despite warnings from experts study shows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::execute script uri use-after-free ms13-009 expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclebigdata machine learning and data lakes how can they help you exploit data to gain a competitive edge in the article y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emilymaxima again the year in celebration of the anniversary of dday i d like to post a recording of the encoded radio broad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3287 remote security vulnerability e-business suite cve-2017-3287 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thevishalpandit we see system was shipped with ubuntu and the operating system installed was windows 10 you had r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news automotive grade linux continues rapid growth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3899 sql injection vulnerability in intel security advanced threat defense atd linux 3.6.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s unhackable crypto-wallet allegedly hacked a week after challenge hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts vulnerability leaves major websites exposed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dreaming of something new get fantastic blackfriday deals on windows10 pcs from microsoftstore:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'armed forces software flaws gets patched three of the 31 sap flaws in armed forces and cops software infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 7 thunderbird elsa-2018-2252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 pcs rhsa-2018:1927' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress wp google map plugin multiple sql injection security vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pcmag how to limit adobe flash to run only when needed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability topi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'that said i know many orgs haven t deployed win10 yet and many that have lock to long term support releases and th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 qemu-kvm alas-2018-1034 spectre nessus plugin id 110451 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6662 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news oracle launches autonomous database for online transaction processing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i raise the because my son like other young people has joined two clubs that only communciate via whatsapp so h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer html help control 4.74 bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ic3 warns of business email compromise scams' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it may be necessary to disable the google analytics tracking code on a page without having to remove the javasc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches heap buffer overflow in firefox browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2533-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee for potus cryptocurrency firebrand announces 2020 bid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bejamas_io hasherezade seclabor security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips to prevent office 365 data loss as a result of ransomware scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emulating x86 microsoft builds granny flat into windows 10 park your legacy apps here they ll feel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je auction 1.6 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter here s why you should never use autofill in your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.15 2.4.x lt 2.4.7 2.6.x lt 2.6.1 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu brutal lightning barrage over the northern adriatic sea last night as seen from lo inj island croatia excellent p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq admin custom login wordpress plugin affected by persistent cross-site scripting via logo url field' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player multiple bugs let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute arbitrary c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update knocks windows 8 and 10 users offline just in time for christmas microsoft pushed an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sheriff s office provides black friday safety tips infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338826 windows 10 version 1703 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service epiphany web browser version 3.28.1 suffers from a denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability microsoft wind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday viral image sharing script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 axis 2018-8a85ed2f10 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch improvements coming in future versions of ceph w bluestore in the video from linuxcon europe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to make use of the safari password manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3154-1 openjdk 6 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netcat vs cryptcat remote shell to control kali linux from windows machine netcat is a well build infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data and let local users gain elevated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark analyzer 2.6.3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 nettle phsa-2018-1.0-0119 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm integration bus 8.x lt 8.0.0.8 9.x lt 9.0.0.7 10.x lt 10.0.0.7 clickjacking nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ilyas_rl you got it we think the stormforce geo desktop pc may be a solid match let us know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm security identity manager virtual appliance password weak encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the simple phishing attack can steal your browser autofill data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iceycake that s amazing andy which features are you enjoying in windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removes inline installation option for chrome extensions google is shutting down an often used infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the course will intro you to linux dev amp give you the background you need to start working with linux learnlinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the libdems are not the only one who is disappointed the arrogance of entitlement and abuse of transparency and fairness.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo red hat security advisory 2018-2187-01 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq persistent cross-site scripting vulnerability in user access manager wordpress plugin bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts eglibc regression usn-3239-3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the 1 most popular browser in the world from 1990 to 2018 1990 worldwideweb 1993 ncsa mosaic1995 netscape' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ethanbrown72 the los angeles county sheriff s office has secret societies within it that promoted excessive force and enforced' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 blktrace libmspack ntp openjdk perl systemd vim phsa-2018-1.0-0167 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress apptha slider gallery 1.0 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shsu_kb would you be interested in a windows laptop if so we d be more than happy to help find one to fit your needs.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get the snow tires ready forza fans the forzahorizon3 blizzard mountain adventure begins 12 13 on windows10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches two-year old chrome bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brandatol3690 we thought so too how have you been enjoying windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3929 an exploitable heap corruption exists in the powerpoint document conversion functionali' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln php cve-2016-7414 heap buffer overflow vulnerability ubuntu linux 16.04 ltsubuntu ubun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unimania i need your facebook data location and your browsing history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luis bernardo sql injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crowdstrike appoints paul shinn as chief legal officer helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5556 the converttopdf plugin in foxit reader before 8.2 and phantompdf before 8.2 on windows when the gf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adurdin that s great to hear are you enjoying any other programs and apps on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix image color and saturation loss in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12997 incorrect access control in failoverhelperservlet in zoho manageengine netflow analyzer before build' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian state television blames hackers for bbc sherlock finale leak a russian state-controlled infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coffeenoodles pretty cool right how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump cybersecurity order morphs into 2200-plus-word extravaganza' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews microsoft cortana hack could help anyone unlock hijack your windows 10 sure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity demanding passwords at the border would undermine human rights and personal security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 pki-core elsa-2018-1979' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches new spectre meltdown cpu vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mspartner our second day of msinspire corenotes is off to a great start we re eager to learn how our speakers envision the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ort yup please password protect your computer as well a_m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284846 windows server 2012 june 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 31st 2018 tue jul 31st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to increase or decrease wordpress jpeg image compression' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14609 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evilexref thank you for the kind words we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast software-defined microsegmentation for regulatory compliance 8 2 1pm est unisyscorp sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extracting data from update and insert packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4228-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday netgear routers password disclosure vulnerabilities cve-2017-5521 webapps exploits vulnerabilitie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8104 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hotdogalicia we re glad everything is working properly now how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oceandew that s amazing which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bitvise ssh client 6.x 7.x lt 7.41 denial of service dos vulnerability nessus plugin id 110289 wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what does the modern learner look like technology via oracle s gretchena' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '25 of employees use the same password for every account security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0031' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 screen sketch app renamed to snip amp sketch in insider builds for windows insiders in the skip infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jreidenberg here s a stanford law review article from 2000 that looks specifically at the convergences and divergences in europ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux rc.local payload persistence module exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-76 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firehol 3.1.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp 2.18.61 memory corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'otherjimdonahue hi jim what happens when you re trying to play videos in chrome is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dandhewitt any browser extensions to see if that makes any difference.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sites defaced as wordpress thousands are left unpatched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking tools securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pivotal rabbitmq up to 3.5.7 3.6.5 username password weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to easywpforms hostsmart wordpress apache' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1427-1 znc security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'speed up your mysql-based apps and retain customers with netapp cloud volumes service will your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kenno media sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2432 sap businessobjects business intelligence bi launchpad and central management console versions 4.10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory slackware 14.2 kernel updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5577 remote buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rcantec we re glad to hear it are you enjoying any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-django opensuse-2018-914 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you_total_cult yes wp-admin is the back-end for the open source wordpress software you re using but that s not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2016-12-13-8 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eu wallops whatsapp imessage and gmail infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7298 memory corruption vulnerability microsoft office cve-2016-7298 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_sohalt first question is for you what kind of tabs are disappearing private tabs or regular tabs second question in the three dot mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faraday 3.0.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting topic wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.7.2 update fixes xss sql injection bugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prtg command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3429 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4256-1 chromium-browser security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 image conversion engine tiff file buffer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cheymix777 ah gotcha which new windows features are standing out to you at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 54 pdfium killfocusforannot buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-736-1 gst-plugins-bad0.10 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tkdisco8 hello are you still having trouble booting into windows we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-6213 fs namespace.c in the linux kernel before 4.9 fs namespace.c in the linux kernel before 4.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting topic bmc myit java system s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'birdly2002 excellent choices have you made any cool creations in minecraft lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security fome sms portal 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gnu health and it s dependencies opensuse-2017-6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook unveils delegated recovery to replace traditional password recovery methods' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php forum script 3.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'germany s continental bans whatsapp and snapchat from work phones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'penetration testing checklist for android windows apple amp blackberry phones here we are going to have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update irssi opensuse-2017-67 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.10.1 drivers tty n_hdlc.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 flash-plugin rhsa-2018:2435 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2012 r2 driver overflow gain privileges vulnerability microsoft windows server 2012 r2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 firewall control 8.1.0.16' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lyons android is linux on the desktop it turned out even bigger than we thought in 2010 lfosls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-03 libsndfile multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability spotlight local denial of service bug in nvidia windows kernel mode drivers fixed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam hacking malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday mlm membership plan script 2.0.5 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update poppler suse-su-2018:1662-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cissp domain 7 refresh security operations even before the april 2018 revision by isc 2 domain 7 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component je quoteform itemid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ismartviewpro 1.5 account buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ipcoffice ipco has responded to chair of the joint committee on human rights harriet harman mp harrietharman on the use o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cgit directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dedalusium thanks for letting us know nordwin we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us might ask visa applicants from banned nations for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability sap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '20-year-old flaw found in ubiquiti networking gear running ancient php l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'impact of new linux kernel dccp vulnerability limited threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml ptls5::lsfindspanvisualboundaries memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 kernel rhsa-2017:0347' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimpierobon hi jim chrome devices are supported for at least 5 years from launch you can find published dates fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms in 2019 and do some pretty basic security hygiene infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4dgifts craiu juanandres_gs no you re right i should have indicated an aspect of charges being brought vs legal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '6 20 3:30pm et join virustotal for their upcoming webcast feat evan derheim plusvic amp sans mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'important update google chrome immediately windows mac amp the release of ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper messaged today with a buddy flying medevac in afghanistan said optempo now is like it was in 2010 all indicators' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-3180 tor browser launcher aka torbrowser-launcher before 0.2.4 during the initial run allows man-in-t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'killerqueen293 understood you can find more info on the windows dvd player app here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bks files are being exposed to hash collisions allowing hackers to use bruteforce to attack c and java applica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit kits target recent flash internet explorer zero-days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1437-1 slurm-llnl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damon_gang hi damon is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to reset password for all users in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux apps are not coming to many still-supported chromebooks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter image gallery plugin 1.9.65 on wordpress stored cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3208-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sauntimo hi tim can you try revisiting these pages and then restart chrome let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter information system security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1709 child process restriction mitigation bypass microsoft windows 10 version 1709 suffers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view client 4.x lt 4.8.0 privilege escalation vulnerability vmsa-2018-0014 nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache mod_session_crypto padding oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'topspin security wins 2017 cybersecurity excellence award' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm tivoli storage manager for virtual environments on vmware password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'operation rosehub patches java vulnerabilities in open source projects google employees recently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg code42 s data security platform reduces user downtime and costs for windows 10 migrations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rankmagic very sorry about that do you know which username you used for your account we ll investigate amp get you back in it asap ny' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collinrblx that s great are you enjoying any windows features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast reminder ibmsecurity webcast will begin in 30 minutes featuring sans mbromileydfir sign up now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2012 gain privileges obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dr_enwordlp hi there just wanted to check in how are things running for you now we re here if you need us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at bhusa18 meet up with me today at the citrix booth 252 for books banter amp i m still looking for a volunteer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2016:3043-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonwalkow excellent are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook cso alex stamos departing won t be replaced the outspoken chief security officer has helped infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 chicken 2016-9b3ed5f170 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution polaris office 2017 version 8.1 allows attackers to execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new php code execution attack puts wordpress sites at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dpramone kudos to w3af and _wpscan for making docker images available a real life saver when caught in python dependency hell.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability red hat infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6681 abuse of functionality vulnerability in the web interface in mcafee network security management nsm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech multi vendor script 6.49 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opera browser 12 textnode::removechild buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kellipls hi kelli can you let us know what version of chrome you re using to check go to your address bar amp type in chrome: version.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'claudiamatosa thank you for your kind words we are as excited as you are bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reybango ethicalhacker great to read your journey to infosec rey thank you so much for the warm words for myhackerhouse -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smoon_lee that s great how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2963 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2014-9847 imagemagick leap opensuse studio_onsite suse_linux_enterprise_debuginfo suse_linux_enterprise_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2018-06-27-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser can help stop trackers from expanding your profile they won t know if you prefer theintercept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps bistrostays 3.0 guests parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm2b gsm wireless alarm system replay attacks packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 guile ntp ntpstat phsa-2017-0003 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nagios xi chained remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nathanayling we suggest learning more about upgrading to windows 10 here let us know if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle commerce platform cve-2017-3296 remote security vulnerability oracle commerce platform cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wood we re in a golden moment of collaboration red hat and microsoft working together for openshift on azure for instance ossummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3177-1 tomcat vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert found a 0day rce in microsoft windows jscript component securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress core three vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wpupinc darryl_macleod alienvault wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update flash and adobe acrobat now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore sdn fundamentals training from linuxfoundation and download the free sample' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link td-w8151n denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt indishell1046 just want to say thanks to all those who are contributing to information security domain especially windows ad envi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla is working on a chrome-like site isolation feature for firefox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl7.x x86_64 nessus plugin id 110542 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a side-channel vulnerability in googlechrome and mozilla firefox allows drive-by de-anonymization of facebook u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpesbhf03713 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moofle we re glad you like it samuel how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 information disclosure cve-2017-0008' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'criminals monetizing attacks against unpatched wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bring your creative vision to life using windows ink and onenote with windows10 innovation is always in style.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melbourne hacker adds padding oracle to free popular hacker course pentesterlab chomps crypto melbourne infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmworldlast topic in the keynote but two big announcements1 appdefense now in a core sku with vsphere platinu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter trango altum ac600 default admin password weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security remote blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trying to figure out the nature and nomenclature of microsoft s technologies that have windows defender and atp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apriege thanks for the update what version of chrome are you using to check open chrome amp type in chrome: version keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharing passwords on trello is the latest way organizations have been found to make poor choices in securing data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guess what linux kernel 4.18 keeps things solid and secure find out more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8251 a memory corruption vulnerability exists when windows media foundation improperly handles objects in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts protest plans to grab social passwords at us border' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress fancybox for wordpress plugin full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings cve-2018-5002 analysis of the second wave of flash zero-d see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reported backdoor in whatsapp is in fact a feature defenders say at issue is the way app behaves when infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin pie register lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2571-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moxa softcms 1.4 execute codesql injection vulnerability moxa softcms 1.4 execute codesql injection vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter arista cloudvision portal bug revealed plus evidence it s been used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3146-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap erp defence forces and public security remote authorization bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatlist spam s revival is tied to adobe flash s demise threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project releases sandboxedtorbrowser 0.0.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security remote microsoft internet explorer jscript9 java script stack walker memory corru' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kirbydoxdan excellent let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here if you need us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 cross-site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-124 important security update for windows registry 3193227 version 2.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saribotton thanks for confirming let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp officejet printers bug puts entire network at risk coupled with eternalblue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'famuyideolawale you can see the changelog on the wordpress website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4231-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3675-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2431 sap businessobjects business intelligence suite versions 4.10 and 4.20 does not sufficiently encode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my first hard drive was actually my brothers 140mb of space positively space age back then you had to park the h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly move wordpress to a new domain without losing seo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fakesapp using whatsapp to spread scams and fake news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tqbf the is so excellent several japanese unicode characters are meaningless transcribed by mistake and we re stuck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'annumzkhan hi there can we answer any questions you may have we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teamow excellent thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore it sql injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'websector.ge cms sql injection amp admin page bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orclcitizenship join oracle in supporting nature_org the givingtuesday by donating to the plant a billion trees campaign:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'consumers choose easy login over passwords infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::executescripturi use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability adobe flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1484-1 squirrelmail security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vulnerabilities in lastpass allowed attackers to steal passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress google analytics counter tracker 3.1.5 php object injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spora ransomware goes freemium with four different payment options sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsnotmelony got it since you are using the stand alone wordpress installation you ll want to go to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'window snyder joins intel as chief software security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehcm stock up on inspiration and start making 2017 the best your hr function has ever had with our knowledge hub.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb dear apple why do you limit apple id passwords to 32 characters feel free to give the answer under embargo to t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewtorranc3 that s an excellent choice how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mortlock_14 we re glad to hear everything s running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7518 a flaw was found in the linux kernel before version 4.12 in the way the kvm module processed the trap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog yep two key infosec vendors the only big sap security vendor and the intel bios probers have been sanctioned as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge adds webauthn as passwords near the end nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehouseofel please delete that tweet asap the receipt you posted contains a transaction id that can be used to gain access to your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-11681 default and unremovable support credentials user:nwk password:nwk2 allow attackers to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hysperides fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worried about identity theft then you should avoid these password pitfalls we re constantly reminded of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email campaign uses fake silverlight update to install keylogger' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jennybeamish oracle is an amazing company to work for oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle named a leader in the forrester wave tm digital experience development platforms q2 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt taosecurity delbs27 bro_ids sneakymonk3y sudosev a million years ago i wrote about how to analyze large pcaps without using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledx hear from lindner_juergen vp oracle cloud applications product marketing and amohindr vp oracle cloud for th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rmac18 we got our hands on another internal facebook note in the one outgoing chief security officer alex stamos speaks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter authentication success local checks not available nessus plugin id 110695 with info severity synops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm8urnett disappointing and not very encouraging.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch that browser add-on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nouralfulaij hi nour try browsing in incognito mode let us know if you re experiencing the same issue.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle communications applications flaw in eagle lnp application processor gui component lets remote users partiall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google has promised a fix for a data leak issue in google home amp chromecast that can reveal a user s precise locati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dcuthbert defcon i has no words only sad pandas it s an extreme heat wave three a year hard to predict and test' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast hacker public radio hpr2181 install openbsd from linux using grub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases urgent update for flash in response to continuous cyber attacks cybersecurity itsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cpaste command::convert bitmapto png heap-based buffer overflow m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory notification for june 2018 corrected packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news the linux foundation s hyperledger project hits 100 members in less than one year more here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects enterprise remote code injection vulnerability sap business objects enterprise remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realeboga_s were you able to successfully install windows 10 on your device we re here to help if needed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php b2b script 3.05 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehosp oraclehospitality amp kinkafamily have partnered to bring japanese cuisine to canada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsnadine oh no have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec online food delivery 2.04 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what are your goals for 2017 it s time to get your business in shape oraclecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1786-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us-cert reminds users that windows smb v1 needs to die infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_odisseus fabionatalucci the cve-2017-5638 apache struts 2 command execution flaw affects cisco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 python34 2018-875afebb87 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker s pivot from technology darling to enterprise vendor appears to be paying off by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday december 21st 2016 wed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to find a backdoor in a hacked wordpress site and fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'code execution flaw affected linux kernel since 2005 a researcher has discovered a serious locally infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 qemu-kvm rhsa-2018:2001 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6136 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php deserialization issue left unfixed in wordpress cms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avaiki hi there and sorry for the issues can you try logging out of wordpress and your google account if you ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what about leaving dockercon with r2-d2 following you join symantec booth sessions at g23 6:30 or 7pm today for y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux reiserfs listxattr_filler heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wasath0 we re glad to hear it how have you been using windows and these many features have you been working on any cool projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntrrobng mozilla googlechrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 openssl procps-ng perl phsa-2018-2.0-0084 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 12.x lt 12.5.3 multiple vulnerabilities vmsa-2017-0003 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2267-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news wordpress silently fixes dangerous code injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desmondjong7 uh oh could you also try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disk sorter http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus plugin id 110554 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesammcleod wordpress do you mean the place where you insert tags in the editor if you re using the editor at m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kerberosmansour windows95 as an electron app becausereasons very cool will it run prince of persia 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we have some amazing thought leaders lined up for day 1 of oraclembx noreenahertz davidtmacleod' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd security advisory freebsd-sa-18:07.lazyfpu packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sundance says cyberattack caused box office to close briefly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial vulnerabilities usn-3146-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings update google chrome immediately to patch a high severity v see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-gcp linux-kvm vulnerabilities usn-3678-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermewio we love having insiders like you are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel object memory handling flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook s security boss is offski not to worry it has embedded security in all divisions theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle offers graphpipe spec for machinelearning data transmission learn more via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows zero-day exploited by adgholas neutrino ek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-135 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3199135 version 2.0 severity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4126 spectre nessus plugin id 110404 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft begins testing of the your phone app in windows 10 microsoft had first introduced the your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player lt 23.0.0.207 multiple vulnerabilities apsb16-39' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'valbonneconsult fucking excellent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kayphanga that s fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jdizzles96 we re glad you like it how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass fixes three password theft vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons look at some raspi boot dmesgs and you will get' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aelkus meeting at mt pelerin and funded by the koch brothers bbr and its ideological associates constructed a unique remix discourse.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re grateful for our customers partners employees and fans happythanksgiving from oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'detecting malicious smb activity using bro attackers utilize the server message block smb protocol to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and the doors are open if you are infosecurity in london today pop by oracle dyn s stand c230 and find out how o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'index joomla com_redshop 1.4 amp 1.5 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to cloud66 wopot anahristian wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap netweaver 2004s remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'app paths used to bypass user account control in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 17738 released with fixes for edge amp the start menu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android os wifi broadcast sensitive data exposure system broadcasts by android os expose information about the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lucinathesquid hi kasey try performing a hard reset on your chromebook turn off the device then press refresh a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacymatters oh look ad selection delivery and reporting is defaulted on to include 179 companies maybe wording such as pl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office routers infected by mirai malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts policykit-1 vulnerabilities usn-3717-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.0 source code packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xlnbot vivaldibrowser nah unburnt it s great that users have access to features they love on whichever brows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0021 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update tiff opensuse-2018-677' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 2:qemu 2018-9f02e5ed7b spectre nessus plugin id 110951 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux linux-esx linux-aws linux-secure photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0042 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter stegano exploit kit hiding within gif-based browser ads remained largely undetected for 2 years rep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update libreoffice suse-su-2018:2485-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows trojan spreads mirai to linux devices securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my feeling with 3rd party javascript is there s a massive gap in pci standards here which companies are not falling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 7 expat cesa-2016:2824' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5548 drivers net ieee802154 atusb.c in the linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update tiff opensuse-2016-1425' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe linux-gcp linux-oem vulnerabilities usn-3677-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 xapian-bindings xapian-core 2018-62394ac295 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intelligence officers accused of hacking dnc during 2016 election tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 dnsmasq libtasn1 phsa-2018-1.0-0109 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hereshavi gotcha are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 security tackles exploits while windows 7 gets a warning infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how my fridge broke the internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe creative cloud desktop lt 4.5.0.324 privilege escalation vulnerability apsb18-20 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas free webinar alert fighting cybercrime with fireeye email security powered by oracle cloud iaas 7 17 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-49 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how red hat linux is helping reclaim the fastest supercomputer title for the us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tanjimbhai we re happy to hear your pc is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'antivirus software market report by 2025 focuses on leading companies symantec mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'its_totallykyle hi kyle the was an intentional change to improve privacy with the latest chrome for android upda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for windows server 2008 july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xenforo 1.5.x remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best windows 10 enterprise security solutions according to av-test see how 16 client-server infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s latest batch of patches included fixes for 60 flaws one of which was reported by the mcafee team exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mini blog 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyrusthaviruz how odd would you mind sharing the make and model of windows device that the occurred on we d lik' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-04 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emily_ffish please send us an email help wordpress.com with the site address you are working on so we can take a look at it for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln php cve-2016-7418 out-of-bounds read denial of service vulnerability ubuntu linux 16.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'good read lilyhnewman explains why the botnet that broke the internet isn t going away' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning access control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is the complexity of managing multiple devices and consoles getting to be too much that s why we created mvision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a wave of ransom attacks is targeting mysql databases mysql ransom cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grandpants040 we appreciate longtime users like you are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3939 an exploitable use-after-free vulnerability exists in the javascript engine of foxit software s pdf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dmbisson vawtrak malware spread via toxic word documents is still a thing apparently gcluley' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd taking a break with safra catz as we prepare for tomorrow s oracle global employee summit at our austin campus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'getting past the buzzwords on innovation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe linux-gcp linux-oem vulnerabilities usn-3677-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serenelyrapt we appreciate the kind words are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ag s office warns west virginia employers of emailing phishing scam infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out first-ever word macro malware for apple mac os discovered in the wild after targeting windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter emc networker amqp flaw lets remote users monitoring the network obtain passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mybb moderator log notes 1.1 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity email tries to trick lehigh university students into revealing passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monkeyface133 does the only happen with chrome try restarting your computer and relaunch google chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to andolasoft wpwhitesecurity matt_zeus wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tornadotexan hi will sorry for any disappointment due to order delays please private message the customer accoun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjewest we re glad to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pratiklotia wellsfargo thanks 4 updating to a stronger password policy in mar 18 would have been nice to do a public announce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7874 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable mem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '123456 leads the worst passwords of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyb3rops logontracer v1.1 releasedinvestigate malicious windows logons by visualizing and analyzing windows eventlog by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows shell file path validation flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'indietimmie hey there that is music to our ears how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'armed forces software flaws gets patched three of the 31 sap flaws in armed forces and cops software infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aid cve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hobiehenning we also have fingerprint readers that are compatible with windows hello check them out here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 virtualization manager rhsa-2018:2071' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle rolls out its own blockchain service the goal for us is to make it very simple for any developer to buil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2018-0233 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6662 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_7_0-openjdk suse-su-2016:2953-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alpha version of sandboxed tor browser available for linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jameshabben the is like the windows firewall agreement oh that s great disables all security controls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-6815 in wordpress before 4.7.3 wp-includes pluggable.php control characters can trick red' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tobias_brohl hi tobias we d like to look into the could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bendertubeog gotcha you can learn more about making windows 10 installation media here l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln joomla aweb cart watching system extension cve-2016-10114 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10876 a flaw was found in linux kernel in the ext4 filesystem code a use-after-free is possi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday december 6th 2016 tue dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gianfrancoincar mrtlgu russian cyber espionage group turla leverages on a new javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3430 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 plugin csv injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip set the perfect holiday mood with hand-selected holiday playlists from microsoft groove:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln citrix provisioning services remote code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons i was looking though photos for answers to your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2013 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a quick malware scan use google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle database server remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 bypass a restriction or similar obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asustor data master adm detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows emet xml injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s unhackable bitfi wallet got hacked again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts jakarta multipart parser ognl injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lotus_ruan do words like privacy surveillance internet freedom excite you if yes go apply for the position and get' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam luring victims in with breached passwords don t pay tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'transitioning to python 3 linuxjournal the good news is that python 3 which at the time of the writing exi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm mq appliance cve-2015-7420 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patel4witham mr grimes was part of an organisation that broke the law as for young people my son and many many o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the cve-2017-5638 apache struts 2 command execution flaw affects cisco products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i1337cutie that s so exciting are you running windows 10 on it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nigelcottreau that s what we like to hear how does windows 10 help you get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2258-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrbenninger music to our ears have you been using windows to work on any cool projects recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin amp lt 1.3.7 sql injection vulnerab 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos and mac os x multiple vulnerabilities security update 2018-003 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'petermoho ah got it let s try to uninstall amp then reinstall chrome any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fletc we are proud to award our honor graduate of the year award to nsagov police officer shawn mayer mayer graduated f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 glusterfs rhsa-2018:1954 nessus plugin id 110630 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s blockchain cloud service is generally available via zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver multiple privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a zero-day flash exploit is targeting windows users in the middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emery25 support for flash is to be deprecated later the year in the meantime take look here wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities 9557dc72-64da-11e8-bc32-d8cb8abf62dd nessus plugin id 110319 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shamanluneia to clarify can you tell us which version of windows you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what to do when you are locked out of wordpress admin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after a fake whatsapp app was discovered in the googleplaystore users are questioning what can be done to avoid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4 cross-site-scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'babayaga malware a new malware named babayaga discovered by wordfense infects wordpress websites and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install owncloud 9.1 with nginx and mariadb on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft released windows 10 preview build 15002 ahead of the creators update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gabrielazanfir excellent overview of data-opolies by stucke in the new georgetown law review no. he identifies less privacy prot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prmshkte010 thanks paritee how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symantec news update on chrome 53 bug affecting symantec ssl tls certificates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barneyc indeed they do and why it is important to discuss risks more broadly not only to privacy not all screens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiot if i had an alarm for everything that didn t go quite right i d be responding to alarms all day. nobleplastics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'austinsgamestv we love your excitement be sure to check out all the new games coming to windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers have found up to 145 android apps on the google play store infected by malicious microsoft windows exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm tivoli system automation for multiplatforms local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password teasing the magic of autofill apis on android o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows apps made on linux hit by security fail vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off wpengine managed wordpress hosting use coupon wpb50off blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office for windows updated with new features for insiders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada swarm mode features buzz around docker security concerns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux foundation s edgex foundry announced the second major release of its edgex iot middleware for edge computing:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beantownkmd what is your site s address please does clearing your browser cache and cookies make any difference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mut15_stud we d love to help make it easier jon let us know if we can answer any questions about getting back on windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla eventix events calendar 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darealhakem ah okay just to be sure let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dj_mas524 thank you if you don t get a password reset please get in touch here passwordhelp wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86 selinux permissive mode switcher shellcode 45 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'developer raises concerns about md5 hashing algorithm in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln openstack oslo.middleware cve-2017-2592 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7279 remote memory corruption vulnerability type vulnerability mic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2636 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add sticky posts for categories in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huskysapphire right on check out the latest features included here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos oracle openjdk runtime environment 1.8.0_112-b15 java serialization denial of service exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to joomunited wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sm00ve_0perator hi thanks for the link that site is a self-hosted wordpress site using mh magazine and not hoste' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel out-of-bounds memory access error in sctp lets remote users deny service or obtain poten' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 postgresql elsa-2018-2557 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 bypassses windows 10 bitlocker and drops you into an access-all-areas cli theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update flash-player opensuse-2016-1484' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janshim mind if we jump in jan let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password native apple watch app released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3149-2 linux kernel trusty hwe vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a full screen background image in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanspaper security assurance of docker containers read full paper netsec devops docker software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kindofabigdata you really wanted to say doesn t trump russian hackers i wonder if that word will ever be used the same way again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bookbitch so next please check saved logins to see listed passwords on desktop devices then make sure that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sundance cyberattack forces box office to close' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1812 nessus plugin id 110405 with medium severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hjd1984 is using the self hosted version of wordpress and is not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new consumer privacylaws are changing the global privacy landscape citrix s peter lefkowitz explains how the co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux memory performance with intel kabylake from ddr4-1600 to ddr4-3333mhz' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-0042 juniper networks cso versions prior to 4.0.0 may log passwords in log files leading to an information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb databases under attack worldwide l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclewomenlead to join the executive women luncheon oraclecloud world nyc email claire.panthier oracle.com with your name title' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee s new blockchain threat report charts a dramatic rise in cryptomining malware and details four major' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug topic chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug risk medium text:chrome v8 a bug with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms17-008 security update for windows hyper-v 4013082 severity rating criticalrevision note v1.0 march' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4230-1 redis security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'agilebits denies reported acquisition talks between apple and 1password updated apple plans to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress wp google map plugin multiple sql injection security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::execute script uri use-after-free ms13-009' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wylienewmark counterintelligence flashback from 2014 the is one of the few articles to examine the fsb s fifth service or th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec trendmicro interscan 6.5-sp2_build_linux_1548 arbitrary file write' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cr3dov3r free password reuse attack tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikaelthalen researchers say they were able to track zcash transactions between the shadow brokers and their customers purchasin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cselection interact button behavior::_update button l exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday july 18th 2018 wed jul infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'j0sh1x coolstarorg the netcat binary i unpacked hastily from a debian file i had to hand the other bin tools should work just fine.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln bmc remedy action request system cve-2016-2349 password reset security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starting page 1.3 outgoing.php linkid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 business users targeted in punycode-based phishing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'curious about android user enabled security in terms of passwords and gestures read chapter 19 from seeking the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3426 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flexiconconduit hey did you see you had a data breach somebody put all your customer usernames and passwords on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidking_1990 not currently windows os only what s your favorite feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component com_rsgallery2 gid parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln red hat mod_cluster cve-2016-8612 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0004 the local security authority subsystem service lsass in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows serve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ricardo_vr we re glad you think so are you using windows hello to login to your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looks like officialmcafee may have just gone game over in just over 72 hours as malware hustling bitfi6 wallets a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easyphp webserver 14.1b2 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaws exposed red hat enterprise linux instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dear zombies don t let the costume fool you frank is back deadrising4 is available now for xbox amp windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nurodev okay understood what is the current windows build number' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bad_packets coinhive remains the leader in the cryptojacking industry with a 62 share of all websites using a javascript cryp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adblocking and browser privacy can be bypassed researchers find' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass linux ubuntu suffers from a vulnerability where other use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker discloses unpatched windows zero-day vulnerability with poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lightfootjaime aml_ninja chrisprimeish hackerfantastic flash drives for freedom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet fortigate fortios lets local users view hashed passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4275-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out what grantbourzikas ciso mcafee is doing about building diversity in the cybersecurity business by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'techart7 thanks for the birthday love how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'going abroad the summer use these tips from radhika sarang to keep your devices secure before during and after' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3326 remote security vulnerability e-business suite cve-2017-3326 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm execve bin sh bin sh null shellcode 32 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2424 sap ui5 did not validate user input before adding it to the dom structure the may lead' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2391-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an open windows10 was only step one for the windowsinsider community next up changing the world:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug lets attackers steal web secrets via audio or video html tags google has patched a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps sap netweaver as java bc-bmt-bpm-dsk xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp balks at india s demand to break encryption hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cakezspicy hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove elementsbrowser pup the article aims to help you with the removal of elementsbrowser from infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee ciso the importance of a strong cybersecurity culture mcafee ciso the importance of a strong infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian-speaking hacker sells sqli for unauthorized access to over 60 universities and government infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'martijn_grooten it s not you skype s new workflow for adding users is broken i ve moved away from using it exclusively to almost never.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 xmlrpc3 rhsa-2018:1779 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp anyone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whitehatscum officialmcafee pr0t0type_x please don t cancel your stream i ve invited friends over to watch it a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter check point discloses how hackers can take over whatsapp amp telegram accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hack wifi password easily using new attack on wpa wpa2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'astroboffins stunned by biggest brown dwarf at edge of our galaxy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday shiksha educational website script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the wordpress megahack that wasn t infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the hacking adobe zer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity let s write swift code to intercept ssl pinning https requests mobilesecurity iossecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker freeoffice 2010 2016 installer freeoffice2016.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 75 off hostgator wordpress hosting 0.01 for domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2994-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8821 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analyzing the sap june 2018 security patch day securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '15 useful wordpress configuration tricks that you may not know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat fastest and most advanced password recovery utility hashcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how has the apache struts vulnerability affected your enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update python suse-su-2018:1786-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday chatnow 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenkins mailer cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer passwords for tens of thousands of dahua devices cached in iot search engine by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec questions and answers script 1.1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsbettioua we re glad you re a fan are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn extract credit card ntlm http sql ldap kerberos http basic snmp pop smtp ftp imap from pcap or live' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many infosec professionals reuse passwords across multiple accounts helpnetsecurity w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor what is wrong in the last claims a security issue can be used to intercept and read infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for friday january 6th 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ruggerotonelli security cve-2016-8655 linux af_packet.c race condition local root lt yep another server r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need some docker help check out our list of the top 100 docker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'summer refresh take time to relax but not on password security with summer comes permission to relax a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-7463 jboss brms 6 and bpm suite 6 before 6.4.3 are vulnerable to a reflected xss via artifact' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft begins blocking updates for older windows versions on newer hardware windows 7 is supported infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bom dia from s o paulo today we welcome 17 000 attendees to oracle openworld brasil held at parqueibirapuera fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3717-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dbd-mysql up to 3.x 4.040 on perl mysql_server_prepare 1 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 6 7 java-1.6.0-sun rhsa-2017:0177' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july patchtuesday critical browser patches lazy fp exchange adobe vulns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle webcenter portal cve-2018-3101 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removing option to get chrome extensions from remote sites infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor what is wrong in the last whatsapp backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthancock and interoperable data standards in the nhs let s just recall the farce that was hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to go beyond passwords in windows 10 web sign-in fido 2 remote biometrics windows 10 is ready infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to merge and bulk edit categories and tags in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts xapian-core vulnerability usn-3709-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dangoodin001 payload is almost identical to one the fbi used in 2013' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5549 local denial of service vulnerability kernel cve-2017-5549 local denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how microsoft has built the most secure version of its platform in windows 10 now on the blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-1150 ibm db2 for linux unix and windows includes db2 connect server 10.1 10.5 and 11.1 could allow a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mshelton i wrote a thing what does private browsing mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 upgrade vulnerability makes any pc super easy to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser use after free vulnerability topic tor browser use after free vulnerability risk high text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google forms wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity privacy experts worry over homeland security s possible move to collect travelers passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daniel_t_1985 hey daniel we re glad to hear you re enjoying windows 10 tablet features which pc games have you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itamarhaber antirez nadavavital or they re using an image docker ami etc. that has disabled protected mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs ease of use and scalability are key for the developer cloud thomas kurian oraclecode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipgaur excellent question make sure you share your post on social media and tell your friends and family of your site but for more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news recent wordpress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whattheartwta are there any questions we can help you with tony we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer discovered in andy android emulator for windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat the apache software foundation has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt briankrebs i realize that google adwords is automated but probably google shouldn t be taking money from ddos-for-hire servic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor virtual network tunneling tool 0.3.3.7 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft releases emergency adobe flash player fix outside of patch tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdpr right of access and provisions relating to identification of the data subject seems to me that too many c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twicestorm duly noted how important is portability to you would you be interested in a 2-in-1 device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 postgresql cesa-2016:2606' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14616 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter critical usn-3206-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-azure linux-gcp linux-kvm linux-oem usn-3732-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 url spoofing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good suse-su-2017:0210-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digibizth welcome to team windows let us know if you have any questions we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3684-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'according to troyhunt pwned password dataset the top 10 most used passwords globally are 1234 1111 1342 0000 1212' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:nikto 2018-15bf411a32 nessus plugin id 110613 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local javascript core arbitrary code execution exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin mfsbgn03810 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix privilege escala' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3503 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt slashdot hey everyone linux turns 27 today happy birthday linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver xml external entity information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability patched in oracle database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out keynotes from experts at linuxcon china 2018 need a suggestion on which to watch first we recommen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'littledeejay_yt it s a great deal right are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scammers abusing windows support use vindowslocker ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how a new securityflaw affects oracle micros pos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ossummit is happening the month in conjunction with linuxsecuritysummit so we talked to jejb_ distinguished en' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the trust fabric strategy is all about adding autonomous security to more of oracle s portfolio enabled by artif' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the role of asset management in ics network scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada project zero finds cisco webex vulnerability in browser extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter softmaker freeoffice 2010 2016 installer freeoffice2016.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud we re excited to announce our recognition from gartner_inc as a leader in the 2018 gartner mq for cloud financial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your favorite content no distractions that s the power of focus assist windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'those last two tweets were translated by a farsi speaker at flashpoint thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 60.0 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rgb_lights ignorance of insecurity does not get you security we need to examine voting machines scada systems iot and oth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'create a website from scratch with wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mispproject misp 2.4.94 released aka summer improvements with improved event graph interface a new elasticsearch plugin var' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4145 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'consumers worry more about cybercrime than physical crime consumers are more worried about cybercrime infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another canadian uni hit by ransomware students told to keep windows pcs away network crippled by infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 pass 2018-a3e631b454 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'notdan gossithedog i draw the line by using the right words i.e stuxnet didn t kill anyone israeli intelligenc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco adaptive security appliance path traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle quarterly critical patches issued july 17 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip icontrol vulnerability k47284724 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to make linux more trustworthy ars technica reproducible builds are a good step but red hat and ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh server lt 7.41 multiple vulnerabilities remote nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 25 off beaverbuilder drag amp drop page builder for wordpress limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kgothatso_san hi there do you have any questions about making the switch to windows 10 we re here to help if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday mc smart shop script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hyperledger get an understanding of blockchain amp analyze use cases sign up for the free new course hosted by linuxfoundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acheltenham that s amazing we love your support we can t wait to see what you create with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian bamboo lt 6.0.0 oauth plugin allows arbitrary http requests to be proxied nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus top 10 passwords are composed by just six characters or shorter it s very easy to brute force them use long pas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therealmikelan hi mike we d like to look into it just to confirm does the happen across browsers also have y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install wordpress in other languages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update tiff suse-su-2018:1472-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-3427 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sec505:securing windows amp powershell automation using windows server 2016 plus more powershell content jasonfossen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gingerstorm101 we have a few in mind what s the ideal screen size you are looking for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-023 security update for adobe flash player 4014329' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'claire_kearns i can help please send us an email to help wordpress.com with the site url.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3685-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-09 pnp4nagios root privilege escalation nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'personal facebook data leaked since 2016 thanks to chrome and firefox bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3723-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin wp private messages 1.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jack walks through the process of compiling a linux kernel using ubuntu 16.04 server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techrepublic dell shows off new windows 10 2-in-1 inspiron pcs and premium chromebook at ifa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost coalition of cryptographers researchers urge guardian to retract whatsapp story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'forgotten your password don t login at all chet chat podcast 271 nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 2:vim 2017-9b2cf468d5 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open mongodb database exposes mobile games money laundering operation that uses fake apple accounts and gaming prof' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 jscript9 javascriptstackwalker memory corruption exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft is adding windows hello support for on-premises active directory users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t take chances protect yourself online use the browser that s safer than google chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katie dulle sr director platform development oracledatacloud shares how siloed teams can hinder marketing succ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter links 28 11 2016 x-plane 11 beta early work for c 20 microsoft hole in rhel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter parrot linux distro delivers improved security tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail oracle retail merchandising release 16 empowered merchants simplified it amp multiple deployment options nrf17:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq re cve-2017-3241 erpscan-17-006 oracle openjdk java serialization dos infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component jembedall 1.4 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9755 the netfilter subsystem in the linux kernel before 4.9 mishandles ipv6 reassembly which allows loca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you to redhat for being a platinum sponsor of ossummit taking place august 28-31 in vancouver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s no secret that linux is the os of containers and containers are the future of the cloud says linux kernel d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change the linux boot splash screen howtoforge the tutorial shows how to configure a custom splash s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehcm it s your time to shine nominate now and tell us about your oracle hcm cloud success' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings shift f10 bypassses windows 10 bitlocker and drops you in see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'loreliaod hmm interesting are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at amp t bizcircle cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dahua hikvision iot devices under siege dahua the world s second-largest maker of internet of things infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_home put your knowledge to the test for cloudfinalsweek what industry stores the most sensitive data in the public clo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings rsa 2017 sophoslabs sees spike in linux-iot malware nake see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acidphreak donandrewbailey chuckplayscards kpoulsen slackrvisionary dugsong 4dgifts that would be cool hope it happens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papa_zane that s quite the throwback what has been your favorite change to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer object memory handling and validation flaws let remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erwinbrouwer911 are you still having issues with crashing if yes please tell us your operating system thank you sr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-17 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coletrain751 sounds like your staying very organized make sure to check out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress pie register blind sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to 0xjudd security_faqs flavourfy wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami docker alas-2017-783' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 2.6.x pipe.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minecreatetime excellent choices which games are you currently playing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center 1 million android accounts compromised by android malware called gooligan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aconncep we think so too how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brokenicry hi there could you tell us more about your issue we ll do our best to help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0342-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to require featured images for posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec websector.ge cms sql injection amp admin page bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just published threatpost s year in review mike_mimoso zpring brokenfuses discuss ransomware iot more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voter data of nearly 15 million texas voters left exposed on server that lacked password protection some of the d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues over 100 patches for flash acrobat and reader' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charlesperry95 the looks great charles what are your thoughts on windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update microcode_ctl suse-su-2018:2076-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azure customer saves microsoft from a rhel disaster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with more than 340 patents and counting fortinet s visionary innovation is driving the evolution of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'third-party patch released for windows zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2164 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superdrug held to ransom after breach breached passwords to blame as 20 000 customers affected advertise infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tim sweeney dislikes windows 10 cloud rumors calls os crush steam edition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley superprof thought it was a good idea to make users passwords super their first name.superprof private tutor si' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use oranchelo icons flat to beautify your linux desktop fossmint oranchelo icon flat is a hybrid icon set fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eventslf learn about becoming a linuxfoundation event sponsor at lfevents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ed33935 right on ed have you had a chance to check out the latest features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator csv file handling arbitrary command execution sb10227 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cpastecommand::convertbitmaptopng buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1762-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simplywink i can see a revision from 2 hours ago in the history link at the top of the editor in a browser th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deepzec win-portfwd a powershell script i wrote recently to setup windows port forwarding using netsh client' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase oracle timesten scaleout sets new performance standard for in-memory databases check out all the details here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress contact form maker 1.12.20 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gdk-pixbuf opensuse-2018-846 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s ahead for scada ics cyber security in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update pki-core on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-152 important security update for windows kernel 3199709 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 rest api privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln open vswitch cve-2016-2074 multiple buffer overflow vulnerabilities openstack 7.0redha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity connecting the dots to north korea as a threat adversary raj_samani mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows com session moniker privilege escalation ms17-012 exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.1 blind sql injection vulnerability 0da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'continuous data replication from percona mysql to postgresql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6476 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2014-6476 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amberxamen oh no have you tried the steps in the guide to help with chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcc43 again clear the browser cache and cookies and see if that forces it to update.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'randomlycollin hi collin you can find the list of all the devices you have registered with your chrome account he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords we want to get on their social media with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avant browser remote dos exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jackyan let s have you check out the windows update troubleshooter let us know if the does the trick.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install facebook remarketing retargeting pixel in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paploo968 gotcha how long have you been a windows user for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats to our chief strategy officer colby derodeff for being named cybersecurity professional of the yr finalis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb attacks jump from hundreds to 28 000 in just days threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside the chinese-hacking underground the experts at flashpointintel know how to identify amp characterise the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tim_walters i m sure you can understand why i chose those words . but i will agree with your view' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off wpforms drag amp drop wordpress forms builder use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macb wins cybersecurity contract to assist aflcmc s c3i division' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 users targeted by phishers employing simple html tricks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv6 shellcode 8' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update google chrome immediately to patch a high severity vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many infosec professionals reuse passwords across multiple accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'built-in ethereum payments coming to opera browser for pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_neelsreeldeel plugins are supported with the installation of wordpress on self hosted sites those are a bit different from .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'duo_its sounds good we love your support we re always here if you have any questions on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable the register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote apache couchdb arbitrary command execution metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'def con 2018 critical bug opens millions of hp officejet printers to attack threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to set up nginx with http 2 support on debian 9' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux vulnerability could lead to ddos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrbenninger that s quite the throwback we appreciate your loyal support what has been your favorite changes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4231-1 libgcrypt20 security update it was discovered that libgcrypt is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the issue impacts several content management systems including typo3 and wordpress as well as widely-used pdf gen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress ultimate form builder lite 1.3.7 xss sql injection wordpress ultimate form builder lite v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitchellscomet hmm could you double-check if you re logged into your chrome account keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt antisocial_eng dirkjaeckel bitfi6 adamguerbuez officialmcafee they openly state word for word on that talk when we said unha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2017-3332 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krollofn wow that is astounding are you streaming any other games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chandrarangan gdpr is not a security problem it s a business problem budget from board not sec team duncanwbrown hpediscover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to secret_twelve geeknik dsutoyo wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the twitch streamers who spend years broadcasting to no one hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google goes public with high severity bug in microsoft edge and internet explorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft could move some jobs abroad because of us immigration policies top exec says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter online printing business clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish open source edition demo feature default password lets remote users access the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome swiftshader texture allocation integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2018:2325-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aid cve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability oracl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber crooks latest tricks for targeting chrome users chrome users have lately been targeted with a few infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee ciso the importance of a strong cybersecurity culture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'two million recordings of kids parents leaked from cloud-connected toys crappy mongodb theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update libtcnative-1-0 suse-su-2016:2871-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alanmartins1997 thank you for your support are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'python-based adware evolves to install malicious browser extensions thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bunnymaid brouhaha just wait till next week there is still plenty of material teaser oversampling.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome http 1xx out of bounds read cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tiraniddo i got accepted at bsideslv to do a workshop on windows internals and local attack surface analysis using powershel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open service broker api launches as industry standard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2095' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity 60 of enterprises were victims of social engineering attacks in 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt internetofshit worse still your gas pump is running adobe flash too' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts spice spice-protocol vulnerability usn-3751-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-16051 sqliter was a malicious module published with the intent to hijack environment variables it has b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday gr8 tutorial script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco nx-os nxapi multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc networker amqp flaw lets remote users monitoring the network obtain passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12827 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability suc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the slammer worm is back after 13 years to target ancient sql servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-16 chromium multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability wordpress 4.6.1wordpres' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips to prevent office 365 data loss as a result of ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxpower linux wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6757 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prime95 29.4b7 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation topic linux kernel lt 4.13.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-722-1 irssi security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch dougmadory and dbelson show you how to use the oracle internetintel map' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mariadb 10.0.x lt 10.0.28 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firstnet brings internet to tribal police by connecting to the nationwide wireless broadband public infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5218 the extensions api in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft advises corporations to migrate to windows 10 asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwarejake ff 13m4c strandjs hackingdave robertmlee oscaron mzbat benheise dakacki ajediday chrissanders88' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201703-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt andrew___morris hit me up if you use splunk at work and want early access to our fancy new greynoise app will give 90 days of free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shuttle tech adsl wireless 920 wm xss directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crazybret6931 we appreciate your support all these years are you enjoying any specific features in windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps damicms 6.0.0 cross-site request forgery change admin password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giveawaydowly we re glad you re a fan of windows hello have any other features caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star trek transporter 12oz heat changing mug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking flash player remains main target of exploit kits report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacymatters thomsonreuters i guess thompsonreuters must have an irony compliance officer who is cookie amp tracking comfortab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter azure glitch allowed attackers to gain admin rights over hosted red hat linux instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt careersatdell happy internationalwomensday we asked our team members what the day meant to them in just 1 word amp the is wha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitcoinmagazine btctn syscoin syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'casseylottman we love your enthusiasm cassey have any other apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201806-07 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quality material dedicated instructors and a relentless passion for excellence see us in action at one of our up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine cross-site scripting vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-002 important security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.1 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jefflash every bad prodmgmt competitive analysis comparison grid i ve ever seen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe information disclosure cve-2017-0125' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla lt 3.6.5 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is chmod and how to use it for wordpress file permissions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some places just make you proud to be a citizen of earth take a moment and let the national parks windows10 them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2016:2999 red hat openshift enterprise 2.x end of life notice problem description the is the final' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'backdoored images downloaded 5 million times finally removed from docker hub news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.7 obtain information vulnerability kernel 4.7 obtain information vulnerability23 nov 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'animalsplay hmm interesting let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eric brown looks at some open source and linux-based iot-focused boards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 redstone 5 build for slow ring insiders today microsoft is rolling infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.12.68 lts hits the streets with sparc and networking improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change your password in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 ipsilon cesa-2016:2809' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seppo0010 hi sebasti n we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrew___morris greynoiseio we ll see there s a ton of really good struts vulns over the past few years though' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2524-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'northerntomcat please see for help at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more states appoint chief privacy officers to protect people s data to ensure the public s trust more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1466-1 linux-4.9 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analytics stats counter statistics plugin 1.2.2.5 on wordpress php code execution privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for remote code execution apsb18-19' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity illinois veteran excels at cybersecurity competition infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smb zero-day exploit released in the wild after microsoft delayed the patch thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tanmayg configure intelligent security graph isg authorization for windows defender application control isg authorizati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and setup maxcdn in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel linuxkernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'information disclosure dos flaws patched in apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 plugin csv injection vulnerability webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the oracle of delphi puts a board game odyssey on your kitchen table' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component vik booking 1.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6348 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts python2.7 python3.2 python3.4 python3.5 vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday slimaruser management 1.0 id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'natchai hello natchai can you share more with us about your pc which version of windows are you seeing the on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'to make the right play in the cloud sometimes it takes a little bit of coaching oraclecloud coaches are availab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'billykstack we re glad you think so are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2853 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what drives a ransomware criminal coinvault developers convicted in dutch court by christiaan beek mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sagarwal dataintensity using oracle autonomous datawarehouse cloud and analytics cloud over 2 months have added data sou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc headed to blackhatevents bro_ids core contributor remor is speaking and will provide a comprehensive bro overvi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2996 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earlier have an exploitable memory corruption vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch apache struts 2 now hackers are exploiting a remote code execution zero-day in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284867 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110486 wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee virus scan enterprise for linux remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 6 cpupools cpupools-features etc vza-2018-055 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla team display 1.2.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frankieandlamb you can keep your domain as long as it is not a .wordpress.com domain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp two-step verification will improve security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0124 information disclosure vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal cybrotech cybrohttpserver version 1.0.3 suffers from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brutelogic chrome xss auditor svg bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress pica photo gallery 1.0 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-05 curl multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whether you think of yourself as a captain or just a lowly deck hand the docker101 page has the answers to all yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 bind cesa-2016:2615' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt degh0st thank you for making using kali on windows possible through an app that s the best news ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nerdpyle today is the 25th anniversary of windows nt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 apache mercurial phsa-2016-0011 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4265-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix linux virtual delivery agent 1.3 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gingerstorm101 hi there we just wanted to check in did you decide to go with the dell inspiron 15' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks on wordpress sites intensify as hackers deface over 1.5 million pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 plugin template_id sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s the vulnerability of the month for august tenableresearch voted to highlight cve-2018-2893 in oracle weblo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6 bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress comments import amp export lt 2.0.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple denial of service vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8bitelliott wow great setup how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center 50 million potentially impacted by airdroid vulnerabilities securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yaoinayakoro4ka hi that depends on which version of wordpress your site uses can you share the url' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking elasticsearch servers latest target of ransom attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nemos_twitch excellent which games are you streaming the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 14.x lt 14.1.3 out-of-bounds write vmsa-2018-0022 linux nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattblaze tender age shelter is horrifying enough but let s not mince words here it s baby prison we have actual prisons for babies.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips for using the top command in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenable securitycenter lt 5.4.1 multiple vulnerabilities tns-2016-19 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 util-linux cesa-2016:2605' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts libgd2 vulnerabilities usn-3755-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla j-cruisereservation standard 3.0 component city parameter sql injection vulner 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news windows server 2008 end of life being extended again if you use azure if you migrate vms to azure you ll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation releases important security patches for multiple apache tomcat versions the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft powerpoint file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 thunderbird rhsa-2018:2252 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft says price increases coming for office 2019 and windows 10 enterprise users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-639 apple os x windowserver xsetdictionaryforcurrentsession type confusion privilege escalation vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter job portal script 3.0 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blackmond cve-2018-5002 analysis of the second wave of flash zero-day exploit in 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nograpcenation that s great have you been using windows to work on any interesting projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news band of big brothers meet trump s spy team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats to the azure team for aks going ga of course aqua s excellent kubernetes native security controls work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker discloses unpatched windows zero-day vulnerability with poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s time to figure out how developers are handling your data before the storms around google facebook and other' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian linux motd update script unsafe temporary file usage lets local users deny service and gain elevated privile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat jboss enterprise application platform 7.0 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashpointintel talossecurity floki bot rapidly evolves and targets also pos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb hackers now sacking elasticsearch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hellorogue you can also try the wordpress community who provides support for the version of wordpress you re usin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 admins how to mitigate new attack that bypasses 2fa on windows systems a new product infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle vm virtualbox amp lt 5.0.32 amp lt 5.1.14 privilege escalation e 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for outlook june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xiongmai uc-httpd 1.0.0 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to take lvm snapshot backup in linux with the help of lvm snapshot backup we can freeze the current state' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news manchester s munee hut eyebrow cottage and fresh hot spam from belize' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft office powerpoint 2010 mso ordinal5429 missing length check heap corruption 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'add-ons can cause issues in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how to provide better windows 10 security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 build 17741 released with new build number amp clipboard changes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security technologies and tools nips nids introduction network intrusion protection systems nips infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off envira gallery premium wordpress gallery plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity smartscreen in windows 10 1803 now treats .js .jse .vbs files the same as untrusted .exe and blocks them if' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nottarekkhalifa we just wanted to check in is everything running smoothly after reinstalling windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows smb 0-day risk downplayed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scott_helme jleyden i agree it may be skewed here due to mobile browsers and mobile apps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to posh_comms ethicalhack3r security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehackersnews evanderburg israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bulleuw the site is working for me have you tried clearing your browser cache and cookies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode windows x86 hide console window shellcode 182 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail we are pleased to partner w sur_la_table for innovation ray carlin svp oracle retail carlinretail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5547 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2405-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity yahoo hack a warning to all national cyber security office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.4.0 exponent sql injection vulnerability exponent cms 2.4.0 exponent sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 resteasy-base cesa-2016:2604' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation topic fortinet forti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to aywenzit gmelnik wopot wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5211 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an iot security glitch in googlehome and chromecast gadgets allows attackers to mark their precise locations a f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnomeoffender we re glad you noticed which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.0.x lt 2.0.8 2.2.x lt 2.2.2 multiple dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news self-protection is key to linux kernel security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell emc data protection advisor xml injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. drhughthompson shares some words of expertise at black hat 2018 by understanding how users trade-off between uti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'invest less time managing your data and more time getting value from it with oracle autonomous database learn mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity apricorn aegis secure key 3z hardware-encrypted flash drive infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component je auction 1.6 eid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows speech recognition buffer overflow exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenda wireless n150 router 5.07.50 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion wordpress redirection plugin version 2.7.3 suffers from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looking to get started with docker networking here s a great tutorial to help you out b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out the latest episode of smashing security podcast no my voice is not my password full show on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2016-1415' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data and let local users gai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking 12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacking u.s democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt herrcore vm installer for malware analysis released boxstarter script to setup a free windows 7 vm with all the tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hola vpn s chrome extension hacked to target myetherwallet users by waqas although the decentralized infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blizzard dos attack affected overwatch heroes of the storm world of warcraft scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8645 the tcp stack in the linux kernel before 4.8.10 the tcp stack in the linux kernel before 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'buy and sell market place software sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windynamicdesktop brings the macos dynamic desktop feature to windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leaky radio devices broadcast chipset data discover researchers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deegreen1964 we agree are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerability usn-3149-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt irsdl code execution by viewing resource files in .net reflector' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nathanayling hey nathe we suggest going with a windows pc let us know if you have questions or need recommendations.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shhhhh if you re quiet linus torvalds might release new a linux but he thinks the code in rc 7 is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update icu suse-su-2018:1602-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'long time followers will know i ve been banging on about sap security for many years it s an open goal at many org' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thanks again to redhat for being a platinum sponsor and making ossummit possible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icautosales 1.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgeneratedcontent::hasgeneratedsvgmarker type confusion fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security docker 1.11.2 forged vxlan packet service detection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss enterprise web server 2.1 denial of service vulnerability redhat jboss enterprise web server 2.1 de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0036-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday themeforest clone script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-08 linuxcifs utils buffer overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploiting a microsoft edge vulnerability to steal files in 2015 microsoft released the edge browser infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt coolstarorg as of now 100 000 devices are jailbroken on ios 11.2 11.4b3 with electra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pure storage is betting its flasharray farm on nvme adoption starts in 2017 and will be leading flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet security researcher discovers multiple critical vulnerabilities in adobe flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aysha908 hey aysha what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter autofill browser feature enables hackers to steal private data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aslr-security-busting javascript hack demo d by university boffins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gizmodo 5 reasons to give microsoft s new browser another chance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel kernel-tools 2018-b997780dca nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache struts 2.x remote code execution vulnerability cve-2018-11776 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news apple if hackers have our customers passwords they didn t steal them from us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'c4pet right on we re happy to hear your pc is working properly how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsblog dell introduces new laptops all-in-ones and monitors updates others' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3134-1 python vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m not having a vmware moment there s just something in my eye sap veep on 2u 24-drive nvme storage infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2014-9841 imagemagick leap opensuse suse_linux_enterprise_desktop suse_linux_enterprise_server suse_linu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 cantata 2018-9296823b6c nessus plugin id 110950 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps parcel delivery booking script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14616 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla to kill firefox for windows xp vista in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'merriamwebster excellent choice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unprotected mongodb account exposes 200k files infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1441-1 sympa security update nessus plugin id 111313 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component je property finder 1.6.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internet intelligence map is back online now by oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 iframe remote code execution vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 iframe remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sec s charges against brokers tied to 1.2b scam highlight red flags you need to watch for how to detect infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8251 a memory corruption vulnerability exists when windows media foundation improperly handle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mini cms 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons i guess they should be scared of you then - t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost shadowbrokers dump came from internal code repository insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bepreeh welcome to the windows 10 team here are some tip to help get you started which f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass topic trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2936 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.186 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings padding oracle attack against telegram passport see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mciarlo hi mike is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'advanced matrimonial script 2.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password managers vulnerable to insider hacking a new study shows that communication channels between infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network privacy advocates vow to fight rollback of broadband privacy rules' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maraphoenix hi there what version of chrome are you using to check go to the address bar and type in chrome: version .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'love girl and angel are the most commonly used words for passwords a new research shows that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla booklibrary 3.6.1 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ssd advisory infiniband linux driver uaf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quoiseternal these are amazing how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday complain management system sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3144-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14943 harmonic nsg 9000 devices have a default password of nsgadmin for the admin account a default passw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1955:01 important glusterfs security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts vulnerability exploited in live attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat developer toolset 6 released zdnet want the latest and greatest tools for programming on red hat en' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how 2disable all windows 10s built-in advertising rootsector security infosec by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tblackman21 hmm could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity quakes won t threaten national security howard broad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3272 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt youngdchris great to talk election security mobile attacks and more with emilychangtv today mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle commerce platform cve-2017-3296 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network_cat hi the happens because of historical reasons for example chrome does the too you can read more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched edge browser susceptible to wavethrough bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to make vim editor as bash-ide using bash-support plugin in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scanning open ports in windows part 3 nmap in 2012 and 2013 i wrote a couple of articles called infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how to open .js files javascript hidden virus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component joomblog 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux multi dual mode reverse shell shellcode 129 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3726-1 imagemagick security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen passwords fuel cardless atm fraud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle critical patch update advisory january 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-05 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emprendeanonimo hi can you try from a different browser and see if the issue is just that browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na vmsa-2016-0022 vmware product updates address information disclosure vulnerabilities a vsphere client xml' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another old flaw patched in linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jaffathecake new post i stumbled across a serious browser security bug amp i can finally talk about it the post covers: an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt i_j_oliver there is nothing more discouraging to a good thought and idea than trying to express it using a powerpoint slide .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt microflashfic hello do you have a minute to talk about dracula no wait dracula yes you re vampires yes we have p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iandevlin hm. weird in my browser gmail works fine the refresh feature can fix some bugs mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress cmw-speakers plugin sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. paypal fixes oauth token leaking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux.mirai latestthreats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5579 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux pam 0.6.9 authentication replay vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office boss babes coloring and activity book for windy days at watchpoint gibraltar the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0321 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'side-channel vulnerability in firefox s and chrome s implementations of css might have leaked users facebook usern' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.6 kvm arch x86 kvm emulate.c x86_decode_insn denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news govcert.hk security alert a16-12-03 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player 14-dec-2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paijwar rt securityaffairs data breach are you an android forums user resets your passwords now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'millvil great feedback ryan feel free to submit the to your built-in windows 10 feedback hub.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-5972 the tcp stack in the linux kernel 3.x does not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joomlal10nc few words to translate translators we need your help take a minute to translate the few words remaining in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.82 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.82 bypass a res' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dotcms 3.3 order execute code sql injection vulnerability dotcms 3.3 order execute code sql injection vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee opens lab to demo threats from lock picking to medical device hacking mcafee s new oregon infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securelyfitz interesting new one that taught me something raspi broadcom arm had debug breakpoints built in mul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle webcenter portal cve-2018-3101 remote security vulnerability oracle webcenter portal cve-2018-3101' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to whizzzoe comodosslstore dotstore16 wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3691-1 openjdk 7 vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an inside look at hybrid office 365 phishing attacks salted hash ep 41' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cracking the passwords of some wpa2 wi-fi networks just got easier technique exploits weakness in design infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service cve-2018-5390 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle outside in technology 8.4.0 fusion remote code execution vulnerability oracle outside in technology is pron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mozilla in a world of biased algorithms and broken recommendation engines art and ideas that educate internet users about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla os property 3.0.8 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome extension brings encryption to gmail hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spam is back with a vengeance thanks to the demise of attack vectors such as adobe flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter drive-by web nasty unmasks tor browser users mozilla dashes to patch zero-day vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'changes in webassembly could render meltdown and spectre browser patches useless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug exposes whatsapp message secrets the post doesn t have enough text content please click on the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix xenserver qemu display geometry resize handling guest-to-host code execution ctx221578' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation got creds to a win10 box and want system code exec and a full c2 channel purely over wmi code exec write primitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3415 vulnerability in the oracle universal work queue component of oracle e-business suite subcomponent:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox zero-day can be used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ransomware just added new tricks to spread faster and infect windows xp pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian cyber espionage group turla leverages on a new javascript turla malware espiona' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ep_justice second facebook-cambridge analytica hearing on 25 june facebook s choice of speakers disappoints meps press rel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hsaruhan1 hey there we love your support are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15423 inappropriate implementation in boringssl spake2 in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.84 allowed a re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial vulnerability usn-3151-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news google whacked 20m over chrome malware patent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb login authentication script 1.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add animated event countdown timer in wordpresss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw hacking linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft combats bad passwords with new azure tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 things to know about fido fido is the pathway to the elimination of the password as we know it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elevi associates selects light point security as its exclusive isolated browser partner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4214-1 zookeeper security update nessus plugin id 110315 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ars technica risk assessment nsa-leaking shadow brokers lob molotov cocktail before exiting world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple if hackers have our customers passwords they didn t steal them from us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update samba opensuse-2018-891 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat overflow in utf-8 decoder lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hikvision nvr ds-76xxni-e1 up to 3.3.x isapi buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4281-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7038 in moodle 2.x and 3.x web service tokens are not invalidated when the user password is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla store for k2 3.8.2 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install redmine 3 with nginx on centos 7 howtoforge redmine is an open source web application for pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off wpforms drag amp drop wordpress forms builder use coupon bf2016 cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to extract a .deb file without opening it on debian or ubuntu linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google and microsoft herald death of flash with default browser blocks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4226-1 perl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla advertisement board 3.0.4 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3157-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free ms13-0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redis 5.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer brave browser adds support for private browsing with tor integration by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a windows dns flaw takes the top priority in the june 2018 patchtuesday release and microsoft also updated its a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 18.0.0.366 linux execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 18.0.0.366 linux execute code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamemsa excellent choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamkya28863 excellent let us know if you have any questions with the setup we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pythongb looks like you re all ready to go how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 1.0 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomorrow 3:30pm et sharpen your threathunting capabilities with yara w virustotal plusvic amp mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to block wordpress post updates and deletion after a set period' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3503 local security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-3503 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security itech multi vendor script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt georgiaweidman here i am rather comically trying to speak slowly and use small words so non native english speakers can hopefully' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_tfahey to clarify which version of windows are you currently working on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wikileaks and how the cia sees your whatsapp messages explained' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vtoubiana last week nymousio and i wrote a browser extension to add an i refuse button to quantcast cookie banner firef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt uid1000 here s a poc for cve-2017-18344 a linux kernel arbitrary-read vulnerability in the timer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday december 15th 2016 thu dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google bellows bug news after microsoft sails past fix deadline mess in windows graphics library can infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress lt 4.7.1 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps flippa clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'myetherwallet hacked due to fake chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vanelo wanelo clone sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'announcing the wpbeginner growth accelerator fund wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux multi dual mode execve bin sh null 0 shellcode 37 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 netcat -e option disabled reverse shell shellcode 180 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server exploit topic oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 take' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file upload vulnerability topic angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'import your content to wordpress in five steps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat jboss eap 5.2.x untrusted data deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'subtee jaredhaight i m adding that to my linkedin if i can remember my password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rayredacted cheers ray thanks for the kind words.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you need a cdn for your wordpress blog infographic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft sharepoint server june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 bind cesa-2016:2615' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redaxo cms mediapool arbitrary file upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomas_sgg rock on how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt giannignesa cve-2016-7076 sudo noexec bypass via wordexp vuln exploitdev infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows scf file feature bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doggonejay that s great you re enjoying windows spotlight images jay have any other features caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ohmynour_ are you using the windows app or a browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2016:3041-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dakami pretty much none of the current security companies existed when we started except mcafee they are from 1987.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update qemu opensuse-2018-603 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrosix thanks for spreading the word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity homeland security password collection not in tech s name infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikkotweets2013 the hideous prism powerpoint deck fixed by deathbybulletpoints' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sint wind pi 01.26.19 authentication bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eibrahim check out our new article hidden benefits of using nodejs javascript nodejs programming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana unspecified denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap gui cve-2017-6950 remote code execution vulnerability gui cve-2017-6950 remote code execution vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3772-1 libxpm security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows speech recognition 4.0.4.2512 buffer overflow windows speech recognition version 4.0.4.2512 suffers from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsmedave music to our ears which windows 10 features or apps have you enjoyed the most so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netn8 we love seeing how windows helps our users get things done thanks for being such a fan all these years.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 libvirt rhsa-2018:2006 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so who is a cia agent our operations officers recruit well-placed human agents with access to secrets these re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solo_008 hmm interesting let s have you run the windows update troubleshooter inform us of the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chrisinsilico just to sum up 1 facebook broke the law 2 cambridge analytica broke the law 3 vote leave broke the law 4 le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good suse-su-2017:0225-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prison for former sysadmin who hacked industrial facility and caused a million dollars worth of damage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securing communications in a trump administration susan landau has an excellent essay on why it s more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical bug opens millions of hp officejet printers to attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the internet is now part of your corporate network be prepared oracle internetintel kyork20 iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkup::remove pointer pos use-after-free ms13-055' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bron_mitchell okay gotcha we re glad to hear your device is running smoothly now how has the rest of your wind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 bash curl mariadb openvswitch systemd phsa-2017-0044 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update for microsoft office july 2018 macos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air apsb16-08 multiple unspecified integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'osirix dicom viewer 8.0.1 dulparse.cc remote memory corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 9 10 11 mshtml domimplementation type confusion e 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital identity is broken can we fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data and let local users gai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 samba cesa-2018:1860 nessus plugin id 110646 with low severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to turn off related youtube videos in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3156-1 apt vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update gstreamer-plugins-good on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen ron wyden is urging the government to create a plan to transition away from adobe flash before the vendor sto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libgit2 multiple vulnerabilities 3c9b7698-84da-11e8-8c75-d8cb8abf62dd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-7518 a flaw was found in the linux kernel before version 4.12 in the way the kvm module proce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure your enterprise with zoho vault password management software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phimktb ah gotcha let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk opus codec dos ast-2016-008 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'viprarajmehta excellent we hope there were a few features that caught your interest.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email from your boss or malicious how to be certain see our newest service for office 365 security cisco advanc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lisashambrook you re right all your content is at you can safely delete your old blogger blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ever wanted to work with the linux foundation now might be your chance find out how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15876 an issue was discovered in the ajax-bootmodal-login plugin 1.4.3 for wordpress the reg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14608 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows has a password protection option however' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter image sharing script 4.13 postcomment.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frocksfairycake we re glad to hear everything is working properly how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 python crypto regression usn-3199-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cfarivar the esteemed ashk4n does not mince words in his senate testimony today. no other single company has done more to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house should lead broad cybersecurity effort panel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity does your company use windows defender make sure cloud maps is on and run the command to verify your corporate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stmicroelectronics dvb chipset reverse engineering packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk drops behind madagascar in broadband league tables britain now ranks 35th in the world behind france infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 9.0.0 lt 9.0.9 security constraint weakness nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of se bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thought two-factor auth completely locks down office 365 not quite a network s only as strong as its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diversity in cybersecurity helps build better solutions according to grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability openlinux sunos windows nt hp-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and the beat goes on denon marantz delights streaming music listeners with oracle service cloud and iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn what visionary cios can and should do differently for a competitive advantage in an increasingly digital envi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt egavactip the other day after someone brought the issue to my attention i visited a website selling a nazi ss-like costume.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq cve-2017-0045 windows dvd maker xml external entity file disclosure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office compatibility pack execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability microsoft office compa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sumo_1973 yup been there that s why i figured the would be a great place for the office south facing offices with views are awesome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability websphere message broke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jaredhaight are you a student who would wanted to attend pyrotek3 s and my modern windows attacks and defense class but miss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4248-1 blender security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpsbhf03682 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 glusterfs euleros-sa-2018-1229 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe ends support for flash in 2020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ios hack lets attackers brute force iphone ipad passcodes apple ios lightening password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3154-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln retired oracle java se cve-2016-2183 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla jtag calendar 6.2.4 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking kaspersky internet security for mac excels in independent lab tests and it goes far beyond mere antivirus offerin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'certpa certeu us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skate brothers the antivirus for gangs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt directoryranger pesecurity powershell module to check if a windows binary exe dll has been compiled with aslr dep safeseh str' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to hacking israel surveillance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to come to the us be prepared to hand over your passwords if you re on trump s hit list' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ostifofficial if you want to contribute to the open source wordpress project the best way to get involved is via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new york threatens to kick charter out of state after broadband failures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass fixes password manager zero-day in record time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit remote exploits 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 cantata 2018-9296823b6c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'people_advocate you can check which windows operating system you re using here let us know which one you re on.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-21 sqlite multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grandpants040 hey mark thanks for the warm wishes do you have a favorite windows feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking microsoft experts launch anti-recon tool for windows 10 server 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooseyboy that s odd let s give these steps a try and see if that helps go to gt settings gt advanced gt system gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'students hit with 440 food bill after deliveroo accounts are hacked company links hacks to password reuse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamerswdabeard hi jamers try performing a hard reset on your chromebook turn off the device then press refresh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lifelock your private browser is not so private after all privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wi-fi password hacking becomes easier with a new attack on wpa wpa2 wireless network protocols' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee we let luke have the keys because he needed to manipulate the accounts he was our treasurer for fuck s sake yes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle hospitality applications multiple flaws let remote and local users access data remote authenticated users m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper 3.4.8 overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3690-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libraw 2018-388847c0de nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can graphical passwords keep us secure online security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oneplus 6 smartphone flash override demoed manufacturer promises update the recently released oneplus 6 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt carolecadwalla new from bbc watchdog expected to find vote leave broke rules. and misleading from bbc because they re not ru' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.4.0 expcommentcontroller.php showcomments content sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress instagram feed 1.4.6.2 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwnallthethings thegrugq it doesn t the flash control is marked safe.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marekklanica awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu local authorization bypass bug likely to never be fixed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3754-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '24 must have wordpress plugins for business websites in 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webauthn passwordless authentication via peter bright writing at ars technica comes an interesting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'loving being surrounded by so many innovative container projects dockercon dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in encryption push chrome flags http sites as non secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vanillast0ne hmm interesting let s have you try the windows start menu troubleshooter let us know if it helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts tomcat7 tomcat8 vulnerabilities usn-3723-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity pasting of passwords improves security says national cyber security centre infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russians found one use for bitcoin hacking the 2016 us election the 12 russian intelligence officers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recently patched oracle weblogic flaw exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xhyde officialmcafee rooting the device implanting malware and re-selling the device for future funds to be stolen is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apem71 thanks for the info let s try disabling the hardware acceleration in google chrome settings here s how g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wpverse wordpress fix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bigmacjpg note the new windows task scheduler alpc is not specific to the print spooler the person who found the exploit ju' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reem_gamil we re happy to hear your pc is working properly now how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cactustorch fileless threat abuses .net to infect victims mcafee_labs malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google spanner in the newsql works' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3141-1 thunderbird vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3109 vulnerability in the oracle fusion middleware mapviewer component of oracle fusion middleware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin breach weak passwords are the norm about 35 of the leaked linkedin passwords were already infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to perform linux kernel upgrade in 5 easy steps linuxroutes performing a linux kernel upgrade offers new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3135-2 gstreamer good plugins vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0391 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bro network security monitor 2.5.5 tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update qemu opensuse-2017-116 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress flaw gives attackers full control over your site and execute arbitrary code it affects all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wave of hailstorm spam pelts inboxes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elegant 0-day unicorn underscores serious concerns about linux security scriptless exploit bypasses infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kx selected by broadbridge networks to power its cybersecurity platform helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pdf shaper buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings rainmaker1973 brazilian surfer rodrigo koxa broke the world record for the highest wave ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center fast-spreading mirai worm disrupts uk broadband providers inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microhard systems 3g 4g cellular ethernet and serial gateway default credentials packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3899 sql injection vulnerability in intel security sql injection vulnerability in intel securit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity dec 2016 patch tuesday caps off a record-breaking year for windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1929:01 low libvirt security update an update for libvirt is now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-1288 in apache kafka 0.9.0.0 to 0.9.0.1 0.10.0.0 to 0.10.2.1 0.11.0.0 to 0.11.0.2 and 1.0.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mehrondotrb your browser isn t compatible mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2093-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle vm virtualbox 5.1.10 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christopherbudd msftsecresponse yeah i think office folk might want to have a look at the one i can t find any' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libarchive opensuse-2016-1404' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338832 security update for adobe flash player july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14617 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justin05566808 that s amazing which apps and features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the moment we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt metulev i spent an hour with osterman in his office talking about the windows runtume midl and much more best part it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erpscan sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'procareerist hi can you try logging out if you are logged in then clear your browser cache and cookies restart' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linux_spain explains what s new in the latest linux kernel release' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you know wordpressdotcom allows you to host a podcast on your poweredbywordpress website it s true we wan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts imagemagick vulnerabilities usn-3681-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sreetejasimha how odd let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'employment scam targets college students and their bank accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed critical vulnerabilities in flash and shockwave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0029 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome to show not secure for http sites and fix for 42 security issues with the release of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-24 arbiitrary code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'caregiver script 2.57 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skull17 fantastic what are your thoughts on windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux execve bin sh shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for tomcat native original release date august 17 2018 the apache foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability kernel cve-2016-9644 local privil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure library loading code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bainesy1969 hmm dailyexpressuk say that facebook twitter whatsapp etc cookies are necessary for its website to function' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nintendo switch has reportedly been hacked using old browser exploit a hacker who goes by qwertyoruiop infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'air transfer 1.2.1 1.0.14 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-8743 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt msphilanthropic brook from avanadeinc uses mspowerbi to track social data in 86 countries givingtuedsay nptech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sql slammer comeback checkpoint' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3771-1 firefox-esr security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq joomla com_eventlist component id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooseyboy hi again just checking in did the troubleshooting steps help let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress pica photo gallery 1.0 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia linux gpu display driver 304.x lt 304.135 340.x lt 340.102 361.x lt 361.119 375.x lt 375.39 3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 6 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2241 nessus plugin id 111355 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin membership simplified v1.58 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic flaw exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 openjpeg denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report dnc s chief security officer warns democratic candidates to avoid zte huawei devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wish list and cart coming to the windows 10 microsoft store according to screenshots posted to twitter infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'togetherispower especially when it comes to our commitment to gdpr amp data security thanks to the mcafee security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chezzykatz your modem or router and reboot your devices as well you can also try clearing your browser cache and cookies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm tivoli system automation for multiplatforms local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8683 debian_linux graphicsmagick opensuse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glink word link script 1.2.3 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weak passwords are still the root cause of data passwords databreaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress theme sydney by athemes 2018 gravityforms input remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sqlmap automatic sql injection tool 1.2.8 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian broadcaster blames sherlock episode leak on hackers russian broadcaster channel one has blamed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luissaladbar great thanks for getting back to us how has the rest of your windows experience been going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6513 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irfhansfw that s music to our ears what do you primarily use your windows device for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter san francisco transit ransomware attacker likely used year-old java exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cuevasrambles what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser 7.5.5 and 8.0a8 are now available for download both releases include important security updates to f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ever wonder what s still running on your linux system or what application is using that tcp port wonder no mo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off soliloquy premium wordpress slider plugin use coupon bf2016 cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache couchdb arbitrary command execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm sterling connect up to 4.5.00 4.5.01 4.6.0.6 ifix008 4.7.0.3 on windows denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle it acts like a human lowers your defenses then pounces it s the impersonator and it s coming after your web app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s only 1 reason to be in sanfrancisco next week dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 55.0.2883.75 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecurity podcast elinor mills discusses the information wars infosec security media' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1812-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google publishes second unpatched windows 10 flaw in a month' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'csp bypass with polyglot images finding sql injection via stack overflow mirai update podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle no better reward for working out at oracle hq s club oracle than a view like the lifeatoracle :' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bronzefedora hi there we d like to know more about the could you share detailed info about the issue we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ernie282849 thanks for the compliment how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je classify ads 1.2 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc exploit leads to discovery of two windows flaws proof-of-concept poc code released by a researcher infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 mariadb cesa-2018:2439 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress file delete to code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero-day flaw and poc unveiled via twitter helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sekirkity are you a red teamer been caught because you used a built-in windows tool like powershell or wmic that got signa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 firefox rhsa-2017:0558' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5669 local security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:2246 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump cybersecurity order morphs into 2 200-plus-word extravaganza' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dave_stewart thanks for the kind words dave which features have been catching your eye on windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office fantastic beasts and where to find them magical creatures coloring book grab your wand infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 18.0.0.366 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3728-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is rss how to use rss in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security researchers uncover new vulnerabilities in password managers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'early vulnerability disclosure thwarts wordpress hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt opendaylightsdn training alert expand your knowledge of sdn amp opendaylight with linuxfoundation training reserve your spot https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postscript printers open to password theft through 32-year-old flaw l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ghosts of past present and future thirty-some-odd years ago my older brother wrote a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zeddary relax bro some reptiles live to 200' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'authentication success insufficient access nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel 2007 sp3 buffer overflow cve-2017-0052' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papa_zane hi scott do you have any questions we can answer for you we want you to enjoy your windows 10 experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update issued after critical rce vulnerable found in core of apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook for android crash packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14617 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is trash in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to insert ads within your post content in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ianmbunde hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aaronmargosis aaronlocker scripts are useful for applocker even if you don t use aaronlocker to build policies create excel work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update tiff suse-su-2018:1835-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pedrocarcamop hi pedro tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 php euleros-sa-2018-1158 nessus plugin id 110734 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 firefox rhsa-2017:0461' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1537-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.12 net packet af_packet.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5423 postgresql before 9.1.23 9.2.x before 9.2.18 postgresql before 9.1.23 9.2.x before 9.2.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecure mongodb configuration leads to boom in ransom attacks poor authentication in mongodb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2016:3273-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd libgit2 multiple vulnerabilities 3c9b7698-84da-11e8-8c75-d8cb8abf62dd nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anxiety_xv fantastic choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4243-1 cups security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami tomcat6 alas-2016-776' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress tagregator 0.6 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'free ticket giveaway to alton towers whatsapp users should beware a homoglyph attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet windows users attacked via critical flash zero-day patch now urges adobe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-759 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justbuddy_de not to mention the added security built into windows 10 how has your personal experience been with windows lately buddy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-9592 denial of service vulnerability hat openshift enterprise cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln brocade network advisor cve-2016-8205 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'let your inner cybersecurity geek shine happy embraceyourgeeknessday from our waterloo ontario office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp s privacy discussion restarts after terror attack the post doesn t have enough text content infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b_dragon750 we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews pennsylvania state prosecutor s office paid ransom in avalanche ransomware attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eff we re hiring join a workplace with: excellent benefits including student loan and housing cost assistance a d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts qemu update usn-3679-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb login authentication script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securtoday police departments in the united states are training canines to use their excellent sniffing skills to find electro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk 13.x lt 13.21.1 14.x lt 14.7.7 13.13 lt 13.18-cert4 13.21 lt 13.21-cert2 information disclosu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt office365 head over to facebook live and catch the celebration of the microsoftteams launch join us now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'law alone will not fix the manipulation of people and misuse of their data it is endemic to the digital ecosyst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1529-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac the course was invaluable in framing my role as a hunter in the intelligence consumption generation process. c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pwn2own 2017 expands attack surface beyond the web browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recently patched oracle weblogic flaw exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 zsh elsa-2018-1932 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd s about cloud migration timeline oracle will move at pace of customers we ll go as fast or slow as makes sense for th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-3590 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln php cve-2016-7413 use after free denial of service vulnerability ubuntu linux 16.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sf muni hacker from notes in farsi the is a huge network has 8 000 pcs mimikatz doesn t show me password or admin login bastards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity da s office warns of holiday season phishing scams infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5765 administrative server in micro focus host administrative server in micro focus host access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in technology cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'indelicatoandy we love your support andreas are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update matrix-synapse opensuse-2018-654' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8027 sql injection vulnerability in core services in intel security mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-118 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3192887 version 2.0 severity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rce in oracle netbeans opensource plugins primefaces 5.x expression language injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update curl opensuse-2018-908 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vincentbir indiaknight otto the office assistant is a bit worried whether he ll have enough dog buiscuits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanssanantonio 2018 keynote everything you ever learned about passwords is wrong by kpalmgren view details:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just dial marketplace script admin username password sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new android malware masquerading as flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jessassin mozilla it s a head-scratcher for sure the challenges of being a browser up against chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cycubix some photos of web application security essentials in action with fcerullo appseceu in london excellent gr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'julianatomasek8 glad to hear it have you had a chance to check out all the latest features in the windows 10 apri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 pacemaker cesa-2016:2614' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us visitors may have to reveal social-media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component vehiclemanager 3.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 canl-c 2017-b9ffa8b00f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1957:01 important git security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5538 the kbase_dispatch function in arm t7xx r5p0 mali_kbase_core_linux.c in the gpu driver on samsung de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news fighting ransomware a fresh look at windows server approaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tech giants warn iot vendors to get real about security broadband internet technical advisory group infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired microsoft internet explorer xss filter security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-738-1 spip security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 plugin csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'successful cloud strategies are built on linux and open source software learn what these strategies look like:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-2674 jboss brms 6 and bpm suite 6 before 6.4.3 are vulnerable to a stored xss via several lis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hancom office 2014 hangul hshow document integer buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of registry keys exposed to microsoft com hijacking microsoft com windows by kellymsheridan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'retro80sman hmm does the only happen in chrome also have you tried restarting your device keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla to kill firefox for windows xp vista in 2017 support for windows xp and vista will be removed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch the week on windows tomorrow for holiday help from cortana a new minecraft texture pack amp more windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows kernel object memory handling and initialization errors let local users obtain potentially sen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6667 authentication bypass vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers exits releasing another arsenal of tools to hack shadowbrokers windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel cve-2017-2636 flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paulgraydj thanks for the info paul what happens when you try streaming the radio in chrome version 55 is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 java-1.8.0-openjdk euleros-sa-2018-1194 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2013-6627 chrome chrome http 1xx base::stringtokenizert::quickgetnext oobr fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pale moon browser use-after-free pale moon browser versions prior to 27.9.3 suffer from a use-after-f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt carpediemcyber a good analogy for the internet ecosystem too we have been feeding predators for a long time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component gnosis 1.1.2 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'olwe2_tsh1 nice we suggest learning how to reset your microsoft password here let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 eap7-jboss-ec2-eap rhsa-2017:1412 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stmc_dorset those are excellent choices thanks for sharing with us graham let us know if you ever have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to find installed applications with installed size in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'winphanin we re thrilled you re a fan which version of windows are you currently working on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows graphics component cve-2016-7257 information disclosure vulnerability type vulnerability micro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itgrrl northlandboy metlstorm the sponsors will stay attached to the news section.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud heading to canneslions come catch us at the campaign cabana read more for a full list of our activities don t m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass bug could allow hackers to steal passwords and execute code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle agile product lifecycle management framework 9.3.5 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sire_k7 jaysonstreet yorickkoster indeed in the case spawning executables from office docs.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3419 vulnerability in the oracle crm technical foundation component of oracle e-business suite subcompon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yoga and fitness website script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'circl offers scholarships and internships opportunities for student in luxembourg and abroad.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one million broadband offline in germany external influence blamed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obama can still boost transparency accountability before trump takes office there are fewer than 60 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password offer gives individuals families 6 months premium service for free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ciscosecurity internal security education is broken the industry needs to start rewarding employees for great security practice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets users modify group chats to spread fake news whatsapp the most popular messaging infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps buy and sell market place software sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tutorial how to use docker for easy and fast wordpress development by napolux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'propaganda intended to incite americans john mcafee to rt on russian hacking claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos ios officeimporter javascript injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aimbotmelvin we re glad you re a fan are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews adobe issues security patch update for actively exploited flashplayer zero-day vulnerability cve-2018-5002' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-154 critical security update for adobe flash player 3209498 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how post office turns social media insights into sales infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blue team training toolkit bt3 2.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russia kazakhstan to co-op in information security financial market supervision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap businessobjects financial consolidation 10.0.0.1933 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twitter-clone 1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bloke accused of netting 5m on inside info about lattice semiconductor chinese broker faces prison if infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3151-1 linux kernel vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8740 the mod_http2 module in the apache http server 2.4.17 through 2.4.23 when the protocol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'should i be worried about the whatsapp encryption backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s everything you need to know about docker101' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 chicken 2016-0ef628998f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dotvector understood what version of chrome are you using to check go to your address bar and type in chrome: version let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s up metlstorm s recap of black hat and def con 2018 i ve done my best to paste links in to the post for ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts bind9 vulnerability usn-3683-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jmlong_oracle good morning oraclemsce attendees looking forward to a great day 2 keynotes about to begin scmoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcomeau_ictx hmm what version of chrome are you using to check open chrome amp type in chrome: version keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update openvpn opensuse-2018-705' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google shames microsoft for not fixing windows 10 browser bug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10150 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you think technology of the future will impact our digitalsociety voice your vision by submitting a story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln red hat cloudforms management app cve-2017-2653 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-alt rhsa-2018:1967 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple mcafee products cve-2016-8006 local authentication bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for may 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'feature or flaw how to hijack a windows account in less than a minute by the researcher s own admission infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tunnaunglin sansapac the biggest problem is not the pipes but the size of the pcap tshark starts to use too muc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp bug messages can be intercepted and read a whatsapp security vulnerability has been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows scf file feature bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday june 11th 2018 mon jun 11th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 389-ds-base euleros-sa-2018-1190 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 8.5.0 lt 8.5.32 security constraint weakness nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'homa10i hi there do you have any questions we could help with we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update imagemagick suse-su-2016:2952-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts python-cryptography vulnerability usn-3720-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv byp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 singularity 2018-02051f8300 nessus plugin id 110573 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'backontrack00 is it crashing on itself or on your sites the wp-admin dashboard does it happen in diff browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthatter0 great thanks for taking the time to share let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps mysql file uploader 1.0 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning input validation flaw in web framework lets remote users inject sql commands' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.x pipe.c privilege escalation exploit cve-2009-3547 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas cloudera enterprise data hub now validated on oracle cloud infrastructure combine the flexibility and performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hrbrmstr any axis cam owner needs to update their kit asap these are trivial to find on the internet either via scanning or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite 12.1.1 12.1.2 12.1.3 customer interaction history privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postgresql 9.3 lt 9.3.23 9.4 lt 9.4.18 9.5 lt 9.5.13 9.6 lt 9.6.9 10.3 insecure acl remote issue nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps mc smart shop script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deals the good only come 1 year get discounted linux sysadmin training amp limited-edition t-shirt now thru 11 30:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hasherezade my new post for malwarebytes from a fake wallet to a java rat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oreillycf excellent long-read from theeconomist on data justice policing surveillance technologyi know what you ll do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5547 windows logon integration feature of f5 big-ip apm client prior to version 7.1.7.1 for windows by def' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joefairs ah got it try uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish open source edition demo feature default password lets remote users access the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3182-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3658-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leetexit101 looks amazing how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hitaka5ever hi there just to confirm have you tried restarting your device amp relaunching chrome browser does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to tipsnewbloggers darryl_macleod yo9fah wordpress seo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 ceph linux-esx rsync linux linux-secure linux-aws photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0041 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hadoop couchdb next targets in wave of database attacks insecure hadoop and couchdb installations are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8822 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azzychill sounds like you re staying productive have you seen the new multiple desktops feature in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7689 lack of permission checks in the initializedevelpackage function in opensuse open build' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deivismercado jim mcgeever takes the stage at oraclenetsuite event' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1854 spectre nessus plugin id 110600 with critical severity synopsis the remote red' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp vulnerability could allow facebook and others to read messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-734-1 mapserver security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jzemlin dokyinc reinforces its commitment to open source development by becoming a linuxfoundation gold member' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux arm bind 4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 128 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google discloses windows vulnerability after canceled patch tuesday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zombie script deluges internet explorer 11 with pop-up alerts until user closes tab via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onssi ocularis recorder 5.5 lt patch 10 5.4 lt patch 19 5.3 lt patch 19 denial of service dos vulner nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome layout out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3931 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1 2018 0312' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd couchdb multiple vulnerabilities 1e54d140-8493-11e8-a795-0028f8d09152' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine cross-site scripting vulnerability nessus plugin id 110565 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brokentype truetype and opentype font fuzzing toolset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soffrancheska hi there check out the handy guide for steps to install google chrome on windows see install chr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eon 5.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trend micro control manager getpassword sqli nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gruttepier a reinstall should remove any bad corrupted pieces of data that may be causing issues with your browser jr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec designed by ossis sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera crypto is a browser-based ethereum wallet for smartphones opera crypto a browser-based app for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b_pi_p thanks for the following up boris can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andyprice thegrugq java 1.3 is legacy you ll find old stuff with apps which run on only certain java runtimes etc everywhere.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. google s new detection model eliminates maliciousapps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'updated browsers shut down the granular timers used by the researchers necessary to successfully launch a javascrip' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons how many of your raspis have an mmc1 i can give' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'complete client management and billing 1.0.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress chat-room plugin v0.1.2 directory traversal arbitrary file write vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emptywheel here s a detail about the hack indictment folks are missing generally indictment shows division of labor 26165 p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows enterprise mode site list v 1 2 xml external entity injection topic microsoft w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'relax windows defender has got your back learn more about windows10 comprehensive security:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities oracle people' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update phpmyadmin opensuse-2016-1406' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senurabob okay understood first let s have you try the windows app troubleshooter to improve the performance o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 nvidia-graphics-drivers-304 and nvidia-graphics-drive nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libmobi 0.3 information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 mysql ovmsa-2017-0035 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i am perplexed that a dpa would provide a foreword and what amounts to an endorsement of a commercial product.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 firefox rhsa-2018:2112' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news security installing exchange 2016 on windows server 2016 not so fast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 vagrant 2016-24ffcb9a47 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another schneider vuln plaintext passwords on client-side ram resolved theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4226-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 p7zip 2016-1637001349 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3929 an exploitable heap corruption exists in the powerpoint document conversion functionality of the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fastcompany the new firefox extension uses clever design to keep facebook s sticky fingers away from the rest of your web-bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 7.2.x lt 7.2.8 use after free arbitrary code execution in exif nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 big-ip apm client for windows lets local users obtain system privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast expose location data a tripwire researcher uses a new attack to pinpoint the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the emergence and impact of the data protection officer helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2147-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ow well i ve fully switched to windows for personal work and frankly windows 10 is getting better faster than mac is.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ab375 california consumer privacy act was just signed by governor jerrybrowngov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center hhs offers tips on mitigating ddos risks inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you re going to use windows it makes security sense to use windows 10 zero-day vulnerabilities the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spectre bug protection forcing chrome to use 10 to 13 more ram' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkitgtk 2.21.3 pageurl mishandling denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netscantools basic edition 2.5 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sysgauge smtp validation buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms cve-2017-5345 sql injection vulnerability cve-2017-5345 sql injection vulnerabilitybugt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chrisinsilico was just on bbc newsnight and yet again they try to shut down an established fact vote leave cheated and broke the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quadz school management system 3.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical bug opens millions of hp officejet printers to attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning open nice port lets remote users access the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox 61.0.2 released with new automatic restore feature for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darlingsexual hmm understood let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'certpa certeu a wave of ransom attacks is targeting mysql databases mysql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches new spectre meltdown vulnerabilities oracle announced on friday that it has started infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu thunderstorms and milky way over the adriatic sea july 11 2018 photo entoni novosel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roundcube up to 1.0.x dbmail driver username password buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5178 a buffer overflow was found during utf8 to unicode string conversion within javascript with extremely' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you decide to segment your existing flat network now what follow rockiebrockway s story of preparing a client fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday february 27th 2017 mon feb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle webcenter portal multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus plugin id 111228 with critical severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 bash curl go libtiff systemd phsa-2017-0045 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 gnupg2 rhsa-2018:2181' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6496 remote cross-site request forgery csrf potential has been identified in ucmbd browser version 4.10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipv6 wordpress brute force attacks oracle cpu android spyware podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday php real estate property script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tools for exploring .net internals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink browser extension vulnerable to uxss classlink agent vulnerable to remote code execution.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-759' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pyrotechnika if it s a site you can request a password reset using the username but you ll need access to the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shanniereb hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked emails passwords private messages stolen another day another significant data breach infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password re-use is rampant among millennials 18-30 infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday bull ibm aix clusterwatch watchware multiple vulnerabilities webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10150 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt office have you heard noahcyrus new single team with the help of microsoft teams one lucky fan got to help launch it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project oxenstored quota-maxentity dos xsa-272 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt durumcrustulum john mcafee really murdered the competition in the category. pwnies bhusa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faintdeception how cool thanks for your dedication as a windows user.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 allow cross renderer resource load remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 java-1.7.0-openjdk euleros-sa-2018-1192 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows vu 867968 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'embedded linux at sweet 16 adapting to the iot hackerboards at elc europe embedded linux guru tim bird exa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'depoetic googlechrome microsoftedge hi to find your bookmarks i share the solution -hellosct1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia anonymous targeted many governments infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus give a look to tater a windows privilege escalation exploit included in: p0wnedshell empire psattack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install limesurvey on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2007 sp3 2010 sp2 2011 2013 sp1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google tells world how to crash microsoft internet explorer and edge browsers google s project zero infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing manipulating font size to get past office 365 security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac tune in tuesday sansapac for pcap command-line madness with hal_pomeranz dfir webcast series tuesday j' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rainmorgan33 have you tried clearing your browser cache and cookies or using a different internet connection if' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no pr ximo dia 30 ser realizado o disi dia internacional da seguran a em inform tica excelente evento organizado' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1395-1 php-horde-image security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.16 2.4.x lt 2.4.8 2.6.x lt 2.6.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7881 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lots and lots of sap systems are going online and the defaults are often not great and patch deploying in sap suc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it salary 2017 includes salary upgrades for linux expertise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to harden mysql security with a single command' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn about the top host based intrusion detection hids tools available today download our whitepaper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress job manager 4.1.0 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'data brokers like reuters subsidiaries trss amp west publishing are a part of a data ecosystem of companies that tra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt peterkruse needless to say that the nest of malicious domains hosted at awscloud is full of crappy browser hijacker software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec upgeneration sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-03 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no credentials provided nessus plugin id 110723 with info severity synopsis nessus was able to find common ports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'welcome to windows tbt style let s party like it s 1995 windows95' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ioro01 hmm interesting could you confirm with us which specific version of windows 10 you are currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trojan downloader masquerades as defunct flash player for android a recently observed malware downloader infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best security features in windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 execute code vulnerability flash player 11.2.202.632 execute code vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sitothejia hi jia check out the guide about repairing chrome when it s not responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do i make my windows 10 computer run faster part 1 we ve all been there you get your shiny home infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issued security patches for recently discovered spectre and meltdown issues securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft sharepoint server july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off teslathemes premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday16 cost less than 0.60 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'north korea s linux-based red star os can be hacked remotely with just a link north korea s own infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '20 says kim brought a bigger one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cryptographic security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt showipintbri bro_ids talk accepted see you in october' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mtlbroski hi there we would be happy to share our recommendations which features are most important to you in a new pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 timidity 2018-303a46d436 nessus plugin id 110626 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets users modify group chats to spread fake news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office watchmen collector s edition boxed set hurm the original 12 issues of watchmen by alan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft inspire 2018 partner business opportunities hosting windows desktops and applications on microsoft azure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kotaku nathan fillion made an uncharted fan-film and it s surprisingly excellent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle effectively doubles licence fees to run in aws larry ellison did promise oracle s cloud would be infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 7 xmlrpc elsa-2018-1780 nessus plugin id 110278 with high severity synopsis the remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday property listing script propid parameter blind sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i used to work for s amp s international which eventually became dr solomon s.20 years ago mcafee acquired dr solly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uber fills critical role of chief privacy officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts protest plans to grab social passwords at us border infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house should lead broad cybersecurity effort panel the white house should lead a broad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal the metasploit module exploits an unauthenticated di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edmire2k we re glad your enjoying timeline are any other new features in windows 10 helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1944:01 moderate kernel-rt security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2017-3295 remote security vulnerability outside in technology cve-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter phpback cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows escalate uac protection bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft windows cve-2017-0016 memory corruption vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'black hat 2018 voice authentication is broken researchers say researchers crack voice authentication infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2435-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to limit cpu usage with cpulimit on ubuntu linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_7_0-openjdk opensuse-2016-1357 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malbait tcp udp honeypot packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meghawhopp hey meghan tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability adobe flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt livingstone_s anyone use whatsapp with their children if you agree that you re lt 16 do they seek parental consent or rather a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 7 sp1 event viewer file information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google is banning javascript attachments from gmail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft details tweaks to its windows 7 8.1 patch rollups microsoft has made some changes to its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac join us in bangalore for threathunting amp incidentresponse with kleinco at sans cyber defense 7 23-28' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip mysql vulnerability k53729441 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm sterling b2b integrator up to 5.2 password cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local root exploit for the double-free in the linux kernel dccp implementation cve-2017-6074' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find that cortana can be used to hack windows 10 pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6353 incomplete fix local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities oracle peoplesoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barracuda adc 5.x cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'corianderpirate it s our pleasure glad to hear you re enjoying windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable selinux temporarily or permanently in rhel centos 7 6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gvarisco patch apache struts 2 now hackers are exploiting a remote code execution zero-day in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortios 4.3.x lt 4.3.19 tls and ipsec information disclosure nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps starting page 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikegalsworthy i am done with the bbc they report on vote leave breaking the law then give the last word on it to vote l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt esizkur excellent work note the bug was also easy to refind after the pwn2own patch took about a day realtime in total' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 is adding swiftkey laying the groundwork for dual-screen tablets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru new blog post exploiting a windows 10 pagedpool off-by-one overflow wctf 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam saw the on github in the readme of a junk vb .net rat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201701-17 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 3767-1 mysql-5.5 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen 4.8 debuts gives arm servers vendors a reason to hope good news for embedded virtualisers debian infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday february 10th 2017 fri feb 10th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alanstevens we re glad to hear everything is running smoothly how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 java-1.7.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2286 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 5.5.x lt 5.5.54 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert publicly disclosed exploit code for windows task scheduler hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd roundcube arbitrary command execution 125f5958-b611-11e6-a9a5-b499baebfeaf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking new the year panda protection advanced gives unlimited installations of panda s windows amp android security suites.ht' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt knowbe4 want to know more about knowbe4 s chief hacking officer kevinmitnick check out the interview with him' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_kpsquared we re happy to hear that windows 10 helps you stay productive thank you for being such a fan.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting wordpress quizlord plugin version 2.0 suffers from a cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google android local wifi broadcasts let local users access identifying data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papers injecting sqlite database based applications exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'x1m_martijn we re happy to hear everything is running smoothly have any windows 10 features caught your eye so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 icu 2016-db6ea7f449 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global conference on countering money laundering and the misuse of digital currencies simon riondet the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windows 10 privacy controls just a little snooping or the max theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarepatrol malwageddon _odisseus adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss sec bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off wpengine managed wordpress hosting use coupon wpb50off blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lilmattybraps hmm that was a bit unclear could you confirm whether you re experiencing the issue across the bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irish eyes are crying tens of thousands of broadband modems wide open to hijacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'create your first docker container a beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '6 of the best libreoffice extensions you should use libreoffice is already packed with features and if that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 thunderbird elsa-2017-0238' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 5 6 7 firefox cesa-2017:0190' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prmshkte010 we thought so too are you a current windows user paritee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actively exploited struts flaw affects cisco products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'holasmitha happy to help let us know if you have any other questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast packet pushers weekly podcast old network break 114 arista wins customs round oracle bu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows drm files used to decloak tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 18.0.0.366 execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 18.0.0.366 execute code vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5575 sql injection vulnerability in inc lib options.class.php in genixcms before 1.0.0 allows remote atta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2006-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '350 000 twitter bot sleeper cell betrayed by love of star wars and windows phone computer researchers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3098 outside_in_technology vulnerability in the oracle outside in technology component of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecure direct object references leading to possibly defacement topic:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft update left azure linux virtual machines open to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity budget it telecom expect more for cybersecurity broadband infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmiheer thanks for sharing your thoughts have you also left them for us in the windows 10 feedback hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk project security advisory ast-2018-008 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches remote code execution vulnerability in adobe flash player today microsoft released the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress file deletion vulnerability could allow site takeover and code execution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fredy1o1 that s fantastic which windows 10 features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorenz_4734 hello lorenz are you still running into the with windows explorer we re here to lend a hand' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow poc linux kernel exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 packagekit euleros-sa-2018-1183 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows vista has just 30 days to live pcworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-171 microsoft windows javascript spread operator stack-based buffer overflow remote code executio zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akshay8700 we re so glad you think so how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.19 preparing better cpu security mitigations new erofs file-system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bainesy1969 durant lives on court of appeal dismisses home office appeal of judgment that inadvertent publication of immigrant' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 54 blink heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pfew_hq we are disappointed to hear asa_uk saying the lushltd campaign is not their remit we have sent an open letter wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.18 move_pages information leak exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt splunkgov aubrey merchant-dest federal cto at symantec recaps our recent security ecosystem panel and explains why the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'verizon vpn links mcafee s privacy policy page that says it may use information collected through our services t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'terrible passwords outlawed in microsoft s new azure tool nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brave browser starts feeding ads to willing guinea pigs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mihirius hi mihir that doesn t sound good let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1480-1 ruby2.1 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov vincentwarui stokedtradie security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add rotating testimonials in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft script prevents win10 winserver 2016 from giving up recon data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a grand jury indictment 12 russian gru officers for hacking the dnc dccc and hillary clinton s campaign in the lat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux rakos the new linux malware threatening devices and servers securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'old linux kernel code execution bug patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webworx design group sql injection vulnerabilites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8249 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when internet explorer improperly accesses objects in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache releases security updates for apache tomcat original release date july 23 2018 the apache so' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress contact form maker plugin multiple security vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos cesa-2018-1852 moderate centos 7 kernel upstream details at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:nikto 2018-15bf411a32 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.x lt 4.9.7 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability nessus plugin id 111229 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'everyone screams patch asap but it takes most organizations a month to update their networks theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office depot caught selling fixes for non-existent pc problems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec netsec passwordreq no a hacker prospective' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stevensadam good to know right btw we re a browser at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows lsass cve-2017-0004 local denial of service vulnerability type vulnerability microsoft windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google calls out insecure sites in new chrome version google http https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stephenmboyd323 thanks for the info could you also check whether location sharing is turned on in google chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add tables in wordpress posts and pages no html required' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking 33 000 databases fall in mongodb massacre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brain password in development to counter cyber- hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows emet xml injection topic microsoft windows emet xml injection risk high text:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4jeffbrown our developers are working on a fix br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-snapdragon vulnerability usn-3151-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-34 runc privilege escalation nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network is linux mint a secure distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kurdish group hacks opensuse linux website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromebooks don t suffer from bad user experiences found on windows and mac computers google says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday red hat jboss eap deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2427 sap businessobjects business intelligence suite versions 4.10 and 4.20 and sap crystal reports ver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbauerherzog hmm have you tried the steps in the guide to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical security update released for flash after patchtuesday delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google santa code signing bypass macos nessus plugin id 110519 with medium severity synopsis a binary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'san francisco passes ordinance to protect isp competition infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix wordpress posts returning 404 error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to fearbysoftware quttera tinolle1955 wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update ceph suse-su-2017:0367-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mario_vilas i looked at top 10 pin codes from pwnedpasswords list those years were popular pin codes d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passionatelyhis thanks please try clearing your browser cache does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows scf file feature bypass exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july 2018 patch tuesday fixes cve-2018-8281 microsoft office bugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce jboss enterprise application platform buffer overflow via reverse proxy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2018:2565-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia securityaffairs hacking opcatalunya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free ms13-037 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seanmerron right on thanks for your support how have windows 10 features helped you stay organized' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx220112' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justin05566808 we re glad you think so too justin has your windows experience been just as lovely lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email from your boss or malicious how to be certain see our newest security service for office 365 cisco advanc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1418-1 bouncycastle security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the slammer worm is back after 13 years to target ancient sql servers security affairs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'documenting and attacking a windows defender application control feature the hard way a case study in security re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where s the symantec paper on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk wi-fi router passwords stolen news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update imagemagick suse-su-2016:3256-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.x lt 8.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2038-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft .net infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'combined registration for azure ad mfa and self service password reset plus two other cool updates now in public pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 6 memcached cesa-2016:2820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jvagle website we noticed you re running an adblocker me i noticed you attempted to install 29 trackers in my browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami mysql56 alas-2018-1069 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'instridestable hi there try performing a hard reset on your chromebook turn off the device then press refresh a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt carolecadwalla jesus really to broadcast more of their defamatory lies here s a suggestion nigel_farage invite me on too yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberweekconf chris young ceo of mcafee only through collaboration around capabilities like shared threat intelligence we wil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 plugin csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital creations works sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-5307 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to attritionorg wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coreykirkland17 thanks so much how has your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eating brotli will improve edge s inner health says microsoft google s compression algo shrinks edge s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cross-site request forgery in wordpress download manager plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter docker 1.12.6 fixes privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if for some reason you re still using tkip crypto on your wi-fi ditch it linux android world bug collides with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nasa openvsp 3.16.1 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity white house should lead broad cybersecurity effort infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 apr krb5 linux ncurses subversion phsa-2017-1.0-0093 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel x86 mm gup.c local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost apache struts 2 flaw uncovered more critical than equifax bug:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla advertisement board 3.0.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc recoverpoint ssl stripping packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking microsoft releases security update for flash player libraries' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high technology threat brief stories via ttttaxidermied forensicsb vanesaparker1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asustor data master lt 3.1.3 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 batik 2018-79792e0c64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos broken after update desktops 1 and 2 are gone and so is the dock only app that launches is finder f king perfect.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2096' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 31st 2018 tue jul 31st infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming very impressive when you do decide to upgrade the gpu be sure to check them out on the microsoft sto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss security vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity firefox zero-day mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'indyvoter707 hi kristine can you share more with us about what makes you feel the way about windows 10 we d love to learn more.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5185 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for windows mac and linux 54.0.2840.85' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2216-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2048-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.6 obtain information vulnerability linux kernel 4.6.6 obtain information vulnerability9 dec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9676 buffer overflow in citrix provisioning services' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sympmarc we can guarantee that we re not a bot to help with inconvenient restarts try the how d that go' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt highmeh for folks still clinging to win7 honest question why 10 makes an attacker s life a little more difficult there' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity slaps roof of windows server 2008 the badboi comes with enough client access licenses for five people to use it at the same time.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomasgametv we re happy to hear it how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt csirtmu in the raging cyber storm when everything violates the norm there is no time for rest and you gotta do your best.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glueckpress what link specifically if you tap a link that has to be opened in your mobile browser instead of in the app you will need' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emptywheel stevebellovin rob_pwners i know it pains a lot of the ..er. more mature intelligence officers but i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eliainfp we think it s pretty great too how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers link de-identified browsing history to social media accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt accessnow please spread the word torproject offers tools that are vital for free expression in the digital era amp they are' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial linux-aws vulnerabilities usn-3753-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update tar suse-su-2016:2895-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows 10 child process restriction mitigation bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swinders ah gotcha we know the struggle how has the rest of your windows experience been recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newmark cms 2.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zackster hi zac thanks for the feedback we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asus wrt-ac66u 3.x cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln candidate-application-form wordpress plugin cve-2015-1000005 arbitrary file download vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bsides lisbon 2016 tiago carvalho s lightning talk password profiling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3767-1 mysql-5.5 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mixtatiq excellent read by mattbeedham about why you should be wary of samsung s claim that smartphones offer the best secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vforvone we re glad we could help how has the rest of your windows experience been recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel bug 1622404 cve-2018-10938 cve-2018-10938 kernel infinite loop in net ipv4 cipso_ipv4.c:cipso_v4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 13.37 14.0 14.1 14.2 current gnupg2 ssa:2018-159-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office vulnerabilities used to distribute felixroot backdoor in recent campaign microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee total protection for data loss prevention product overview' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'army cyber command brings on first direct-commissioned officers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update perl-dbd-mysql opensuse-2017-130' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 sudo elsa-2016-2872' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linus__torvalds and gregkh are just two of the collection of amazing linux foundation fellows meet the others:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'property listing script property_view.php propid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an up-to-date browser should keep users safe from most exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity phishing attacks on rice community increasingly sophisticated it office warns infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 openjpeg euleros-sa-2018-1157 nessus plugin id 110733 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas get to the bottom of website performance issues read the to find ways to improve overall website and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove or disable ubuntu dock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'notinheritable hmm that s odd let s have you try the windows app troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt duncanjw thanks to theasf amp now linuxfoundation which includes collaborative projects like cloudfoundry cloudnativefdn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default passwords aid satori iot botnet attacks netlab 360 detected a surge in satori botnet infecting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there have been several mass outbreaks of malicious chrome extensions the year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bbc admits iplayer downloads are broken we re working on it the bbc has acknowledged that problems with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking apple icloud didn t wipe deleted browser histories for over a year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q3 oracle cpu preview fewer java se patches may not mean fewer flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ggonza4itc more product faster more countries faster netsuite oracle oraclenetsuite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4279-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rryter can you please email help wordpress.com with more details incl the full email address and the site where' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are custom fields in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'subrion cms 4.2.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4mlinux 20.1 linux distro released with kernel 4.4.34 lts to restore pae support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'consumers choose easy login over passwords given the choice most consumers prefer multifactor infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft word excel 2007 sp3 buffer overflow cve-2017-0006' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp will allow to revoke sent messages and track friends live whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seolakittens hey there be sure to check out the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam uses recipient s hacked passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'delphi_ote not at all i love them many like brothers but their job is to do what s best for their nation above' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paulszoldra cjchivers numbers are hard bro.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vysecurity you can also get computer ip addresses as a user from the windows computer objects and adding spns wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 nagios-plugins 2016-f30fae0f67 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mdseclabs escaping the sandbox microsoft office in macos a new post by _xpn_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seanwbrooks interviews with over 30 threat researchers activists and cybersecurity professionals pointed to most attacks on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive wordpress redirect campaign spotted targeting tagdiv themes and ultimate member' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4271-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla paypal ipn for docman 3.1 component id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_presid3nte we appreciate your loyal support which windows 10 features have you been enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arborial_dragon music to our ears have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux rc.local payload persistence module exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to enable custom permalinks in wordpress local server environment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ssharma1998 thanks for the kind words are you thinking about picking one up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt philiptsukerman did you know that the excel.application com object allows you to call arbitrary-ish winapi functions shown here wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blackhatevents windows enterprise incident response is an intensive 2-day course built upon a series of hands-on labs designed to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts apport vulnerability usn-3664-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability patched in oracle database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we want a copyright office that serves the public the copyright office and those who lead it should infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trishmcfarlane the oracle system can repair itself while it s running what yes it s true learn more at oraclesoar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleacademy join our commitment to csforall we offer free resources for students amp teachers to create pathways for the future' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update util-linux suse-su-2018:2071-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the keynote cyber visionary stuart mcclure explores the future ai vs ai to reveal a key strategy extend the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome gets insertable emojis here s how to enable them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a severe wordpress php security vulnerability which has been left a year without being patched has the potential t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0172-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'navigating the iot security storm the developer s perspective infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrleblanc101 shortxstack apple you realise the password is to prevent access to the device right because it us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to gn3mes1s attritionorg wopot wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 drupal7 2016-95b1be8a3d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news ex-military and security firms oppose home sec in whatsapp crypto row' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to record terminal sessions as svg animations in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4231-1 libgcrypt20 security update nessus plugin id 110572 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0182-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security warnings on daily mail and other sites if using updated chrome browser a security warning will infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft inspire 2018 partner business opportunities hosting windows desktops and applications on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptocurrency transactions may uncover sales of shadow broker hacking tools news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kill the password annual summit presentation speaker tamaghna basu ceo neoeyed we suggest you use infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hosting_advice how the linuxfoundation drives commercial adoption of open-source technology through training hosting amp advocacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox scammers have made 500 000 by just emailing victims their passwords from previous breaches and then bullshitting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yourloyaltrash thanks for the info try these steps to speed up chrome let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realcoderhunter nice we re glad to hear everything went smoothly how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jack_daniel curious why the opposition big brother has been here a loooooong time.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker breaches hola vpn chrome extension to go after cryptocurrency wallet site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ten flaws found in mcafee virusscan enterprise by researcher' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'useful data about the ancestry and heritage of processes on windows thanks echotrailco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap vulnerability exposes enterprises to ransomware other attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markrousseau not to worry mark are any features in windows 10 helping you stay productive during the day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday school management software 2.75 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yep the broken feed was me being an idiot rebuilding site five minutes..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermata hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artykel we love hearing the how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise lt 8.8 patch 11 privilege escalation vulnerability sb10237 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 linux af_packet.c race condition local root linux kernel vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how cybercriminals hack facebook instagram and snapchat passwords passwords are the keys to the digital infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iurimw hi iuri we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weaponizong macos windowserver for pwn2own we ll see what else the year in tokyo brings round at pwn2own mobile a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jdthompson21 have you considered upgrading to windows 10 let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt arturodicorinto cyberchallenge keep fighting in the amazing scenario of sapienza museum of classical arts happyhacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure topic splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure risk medium text: exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-725-1 tzdata new upstream version nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anton_bane it s our pleasure how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'midhunsview we re so happy you re a fan what are you liking about windows phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidbaruffi_ev hi david could you check here chrome: gpu amp confirm that webgl is enabled keep us posted we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac hal_pomeranz will be presenting a special sans apac webcast on june 26 pcap command-line madness join him as h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows code-signing tweaks sure to irritate software developers cheers redmond changes that mean infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update samba on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pash011 thanks we ll reply to you there asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla google map store locator 4.4 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'osxreverser is that the is the same that mcdonalds brought to the food industry the fast food era of information.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brave ongoing research by ruba_abusalma and our chief scientist convoluted_code about private browsing why few users r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security remote mcafee virus scan enterprise for linux remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1932:01 moderate zsh security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awscloud abbyfuller thanks for the shout out safetyfirst dockercon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truckershorizon sounds great let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android forums resets passwords after breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'issap as technology is evolving and organizations face new challenges to secure information from the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misp 2.4.94 released aka summer improvements with improved event graph interface a new elasticsearch plugin var' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5611 sql injection vulnerability in wp-includes class-wp-query.php in wp_query in wordpress before 4.7.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logtut ah we understand how has your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smplayer 18.6.0 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chatnow 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update virtualbox opensuse-2016-1366' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using a simple way to bypass ms office 365 protection vulnerability security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i still think the vendor video where anonymous blows up a staff member with a word document and then blows up a bu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap erp defence forces and public security remote authorization bypass vulnerability erp defence forces' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desing by webkravat sqli vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to address latest windows 10 privacy concerns with creators update microsoft is planning to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chandrarangan how realistic is the may 2018 deadline duncanwbrown says it s wrong question stop wishful thinking hpediscover gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7258 the kernel in microsoft windows 10 gold 1511 the kernel in microsoft windows 10 gold 15' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brianhonan whatsapp warns that google drive backups are not encrypted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 openssl ovmsa-2017-0042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for windows desktop input validation flaw lets local users cause denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'would you delete your account if a social media provider misused your data helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'not sure where to start with the linux kernel the seminar will introduce you to linux kernel modules and the ker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.14.7 ubuntu 16.04 centos 7 kaslr amp smep bypass arbitrary file read cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly ask for wordpress support and get it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component onevote 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sipp 3.3 stack-based overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libtcnative-1-0 opensuse-2016-1375 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-8967 arch arm64 kernel sys.c in the linux kernel before 4.0 allows local users to bypass the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter java and python plagued by bug allowing attackers to avoid firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euandbriggs chrisrohlf rseymour collinrm aix for breakfast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 zsh rhsa-2018:1932 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at dockercon the week drop by booth g5 to say hi dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap mobile defense amp security remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3436 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'membership site script 1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crypto guru mcafee stops promoting icos due to sec s threats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 nodejs-jsv nodejs-uri-js 2018-13e08f4b4a nessus plugin id 110574 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kimzetter we need to come up with a different word to describe these calls other than prank. anyone who makes the kind of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add your wordpress site to google webmaster tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open source is the de facto facilitator for cross-project work and innovation says suse s thomas di giacomo:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rmaclean mwr is a great security company which has offices here in jburg among others we acquired them last month' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress mailchimp 3.1.5 4.0.10 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paploo968 that s quite a long time what have been your favorite changes or added features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast reminder the webcast your current approach to threatdetection amp neutralization is broken will begin in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft issues critical patch security updates for windows office and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1533-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4229-1 strongswan security update nessus plugin id 110570 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'orgs like linuxfoundation can help you build a robust internal support infrastructure lfwebinar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spigot browser hijackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'must have ubuntu packages datamation a list of top must have ubuntu packages along with an explanation of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement campaigns securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity be social media vigilant during holidays infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update bouncycastle opensuse-2018-628' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1392-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security expert disclosed a full zero-day drive-by exploit for linux leveraging snes securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical glsa-201701-17 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities synopsis multiple vulnerabilities have be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 're recent scrutiny of hmrc capturing biometric voice prints home office picks fujitsu to build and manage 28m bio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::execute script uri use-after-free ms13-009' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dubenezic hi bob you can find all the latest information about chrome releases updates here hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 tomcat euleros-sa-2018-1220 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix provisioning services up to 7.11 buffer overflow cve-2016-9676' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft getting ready to launch windows 10 redstone 6 preview builds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'celebrating holiday traditions old and new tbt uglysweater windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update virtualbox opensuse-2018-853 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_thatoneblog_ we can help with that please reach out to use on help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0x841 hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have an excellent experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 6 ghostscript cesa-2017:0014' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa hasn t closed security windows snowden climbed through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity social media passwords shouldn t be a condition of entry to the us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-7214 an issue was discovered in exception_wrapper.py in openstack nova 13.x through 13.1.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we are happy to announce that nominations for group 1 officers and department coordinators have been finalised the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu reveals desktop telemetry for the first time canonical has kept a promise it made in february infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to opexxx wordpress cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mcafee labs predicts 14 security developments for 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6074 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet bro the best-kept secret of network security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thought two-factor auth completely locks down office 365 not quite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost the u.s government should begin transitioning away from flash immediately before it is abandoned in 2020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle critical patch update advisory july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrexcel 366 140 breached accounts in december 2016 the forum for the microsoft excel tips and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure library loading code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spinbotters we suggest checking out how to use game mode in windows 10 here be sure to le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erikuma nice job which features are you enjoying most in windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284867 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 june 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wtb:a new zealand-based data breach hunter known by alias flash gordon discovered a single file on an unsecured' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in-the-wild exploits ramp up against high-impact sites using apache struts eight days after developers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'megabroomer what makes you say that we re more than happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over 400 million devices are running windows 10 in 192 countries that s nearly every country on the planet .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3693-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chunkinator104 hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows 10 experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt virusbtn the call for papers for the fourth edition of the blackhoodie reverse engineering workshop for women will remain op' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gpg suite prior 2015.06 installerhelper installpackage xmlpath privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix reveals full xen combo will be cheaper than xen lite for azure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brownteaming want to have epic erections like malwaretech buy our product' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bearsharesays great to hear how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zrdphoto plugins are only supported with the installation of wordpress on self hosted sites that s a bit different from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zacinlo malware yet another threat for all windows 10 users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml amp 039 ptls5::ls find span visual boundar 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oh and in the case the call is not quoted but instead of fixing it now there is a hardcoded password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bigmacjpg note the new windows task scheduler alpc is not specific to the print spooler the person who found the exploit ju' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domaincops malware yahoo mail xss trend office scan false positive podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp amp telegram patch severe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to make use of the safari password manager safari s password manager is a built-in tool that offers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability adobe f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s democrats securityaffairs hacking russia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ruggerotonelli laflour wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0230' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office serenity adult coloring book make some fresh bao wash your feet pull up a companion infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338820 windows server 2012 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 12.x lt 12.5.2 drag-and-drop feature arbitrary code execution vmsa-2016-0019 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt holisticinfosec the detection plays an outsized role as the most important cybersecurity function in an assume breach world de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown why is marketing ops so vital for sales and the c-suite marketingops cmo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0127-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb asked fbi how they got michael cohen s signal and whatsapp messages and calls see' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 memcached elsa-2016-2820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'westernsydgirl click status set to draft and save that will sync your drafts so you can edit them from a browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'san francisco transit ransomware attacker likely used year-old java exploit backups meant sfmta didn t infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee host intrusion prevention services lt 8.0.0.3828 authentication bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bahcorp awesome what kind of windows device do you stream with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cmarkup::reloadincompatview use-after-free cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news idg contributor network security fatigue or how i learned to overcome laziness and use a password manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3714-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash roms with a raspberry pi linuxjournal to hardware-flash a bios chip you need two main pieces of hardw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3681-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crn_au mcafee mulls fresh ipo acquisitions the cybersecurity firm mcafee is looking at further acquisitions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'killrodmanny microsoftedge danielderi googlechrome opera there is not a big enough market for us to build a windows phone app josh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warns of new linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crowdshield sn1per v5.5 released new multi-threaded flyover and scan status modes added apache struts cve-2018-11776 andro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itechscripts freelancer script 5.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter millions of sap users at risk from ransomware due to gui flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ffmpeg opensuse-2016-1365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weaponizing apple safari webkit code execution vulnerability cve-2018-4192 in the safari web browser from a singl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swampystorm445 hello there are you still unable to change the brightness as of today we re checking in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manageengine adselfservice plus adds two-factor authentication support for windows logons helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superyoshi96 let us know what you think have any other windows apps and features caught your eye recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keynotes at oowbr include stevenrmiranda and andrew mendelsohn of oracle plus an emergingtechnologies panel wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '80 to 0 in under 5 seconds falsifying a medical patient s vitals by douglas mckee mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melbourne man arrested for broadcasting fake messages to pilots commerical kit not hacking all that s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atharexplores we re happy to have longtime users like yourself are you using windows to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle agile product lifecycle management framework obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts firefox regressions usn-3705-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0574-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update libxml2 suse-su-2017:0164-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atmosphere 1.x 2.x cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0xali tyler_robinson the real brothel advertises that men can enact their fantasies without worrying about the ne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps itech b2b script 4.28 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 postgresql 2018-d8f5aea89d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 popular password manager apps found leaking your secrets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter business networking script 8.11 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juan_navedo music to our ears juan let us know if you ever have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbertramp ninollanera you re welcome to email help wordpress.com if you d like further clarification on the note our tos does not apply' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin summary for december 2016 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off themeisle premium wordpress themes use coupon tibf2016 cost less than 4 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromium-based vivaldi 1.6 browser enters development brings tab stack renaming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 ding-libs sssd cesa-2018:1877 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 gluster storage rhsa-2017:0486' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsalexd not at the moment we have some awesome devices to save up for and excellent deals for students parents teachers and military.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterrhythm thanks for the details aster let s try clearing chrome s cache cookies select all time.. and t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet fortigate fortios ssl-vpn web portal bookmark feature lets local users view passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e_kaspersky microsoft shares telemetry data collected from windows 10 users with fireeye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection topic wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode windows x64 createremotethread dll injection shellcode 584 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libcgroup suse-su-2018:2468-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tell us in a paragraph a sentence or a word what you think a cybersecurity and privacy certification should loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msft patch tuesday oracle patch intel patch podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt solardiz cve-2016-8655 linux af_packet race condition local root found by philip pettersson exploit for ubuntu tomorrow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kwhorne2 ah understood which windows 10 features are helping you stay productive at work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uridiumauthor patrickknoo also good to hear from you mr braybrook i m a big fan of your work.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress contact form maker plugin multiple security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orclcitizenship oraclevolunteers share what they love most about coaching dtechhs students at oraclefoundation s workshops https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'black hat usa 2018 google microsoft and red hat dish on the meltdown spectre backstory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox nsa slide i obtained on the shadow brokers how do we drive them out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans webcastwindows baselining and remote system assessment for the low-low price of free-ninety-freeby' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortiguard labs uncovered an advanced persistent threat apt -linked malicious microsoft word document with a polit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd use-after-free vulnerability in pcsc-lite c218873d-d444-11e6-84ef-f0def167eeea nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2018-8034 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings github google brokentype truetype and opentype font fuzzing toolset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intelligence officers accused of hacking dnc during 2016 election' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got a docker question here s the first place you should go docker101 wiki' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wylienewmark excellent insights from burgessct on the hansen case and what it tells us about mss operations these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu-based backbox linux 4.7 is out with kernel 4.4 lts updated hacking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support hacking opcatalunya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability reti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity yahoo billion email hack causes security contagion across the web and cloud as passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft says cerber ransomware most popular infector of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical wordpress rest api bug prevent your blog from being hacked thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix privilege escala 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore spread the love 50 off select viber valentine s day stickers for a limited time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apple itunes for windows up to 12.5.4 webkit buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu netcat 0.7.1 out-of-bounds write packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvision managing device security in the sunshine over the years cybersecurity vendors have created a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 unzip photonos-phsa-2018-1.0-0144 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof private tutor site fails password test makes accounts super easy to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mtblackhawk hey there did you manage to update once the storm blew over we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress releases security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 upgrades swapping the big bang for the long grumble' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings why i will not cast my electoral vote for donald trump see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin chained quiz 1.0.8 answer sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dhellinger nice one beckpeterson thinkautonomous oracle founder larry ellison says its embarrassing for amazon that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glenn_johnsonjr awesome practice makes perfect how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryps1s missed the at time it s great my experience is windows admins and security people disable windows fire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'homebrew exposed github creds whatsapp vuln. netflix aws methodology podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews microsoft cortana hack could help anyone unlock hijack your windows 10 sure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new azorult malware spreading via office documents steals credentials amp launch ransomware attack threat infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd apache httpd denial of service in http 2 cb0bf1ec-bb92-11e6-a9a5-b499baebfeaf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scottgal i was one of the beta testers for wordworth they sent me the floppy discs in the post i was 12 i was not very sociable.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wiremonkey557 understood we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over a dozen code execution flaws patched in flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'interesting read biometric technology is not a cure-all for password security woes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fugueish your javascript scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could they didn t stop to think if they s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mariusnestor linus torvalds announces the third release candidate of the linux 4.11 kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sircheeseeditor awesome do you need help choosing a new windows pc we have plenty of devices that could suit your needs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln libarchive cve-2016-5418 arbitrary file write vulnerability enterprise linux workstatio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284867 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110486 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin global content blocks 2.1.5 cross-site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9312 ntpd in ntp before 4.2.8p9 when running on windows allows remote attackers to cause a denial of se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee releases security bulletin for virus scan enterprise original release date december 12 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isitbroke i ll get back to you as soon as i receive these details 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'summer refresh take time to relax but not on password security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'corps regularly in fact almost entirely block the as the windows defender client needs certain domains to have u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'woodgate googlechrome hello our addons reviewer do the possible to be fast mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ruggerotonelli syntribos python api security testing tool from openstack security group' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dhsgov dhs will host a national cybersecurity summit on july 31 in nyc the summit will bring together a broad group of r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deroko shadow stack new mitigation in windows 10 x64 insider builds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-7184 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd we want the best talent at oracle and we invest in it welcoming 160 examples of that commitment today at hq as th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rafdesquitado hi there could you try using a different browser and check if you re seeing the same issue keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kristofera kln_nurv the theory i ve heard is as long as you ve looked into the security of the javascript suppli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecedge the status quo in infosec disparate systems drawn-out patching point solutions isn t working. oracle ceo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hediiadi we re glad you like it how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'navis webaccess 2016-08-09 execute codesql injection vulnerability navis webaccess 2016-08-09 execute codesql in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-170 microsoft windows javascript proxy setter type confusion remote code execution vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithbarrett if you enable automatic updates updates will be downloaded while browsing and installed after when you restart firefox wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local javascript core arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd lt 10 qls_eioctl function unauthorized disclosure of information nessus plugin id 110560 with medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for internet explorer august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecommerce baby boomers amp millennials have more in common than you might think when it comes to retail infographic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 152099-91 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player multiple flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information bypass se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security update for microsoft office july 2018 macos nessus plugin id 110978 with high severity s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp users targeted by homoglyph attack peddling free tickets to theme park' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog icymi it there s a bug in windows task scheduler which grants local non-admins system access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 execute code vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb arbitrary command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'georgieereads the is another resource for self-hosted wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isilon onefs ntp detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sprint boost and virgin mobile data breach change your account passwords now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt barnabyskeggs red team tip have a shell on a windows pc with a touch screen search for passwords in waitlist.dat a full text i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat keycloak cve-2016-8609 session hijacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq google forms wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slipdexic nice i think last time that we met was at owasplondon 2 years ago skype office i hope to find you tomorrow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deleti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip attention is today s currency give what you re working on all it deserves with distraction-free full' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toshiba tumbles after bourse puts company under supervision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 2:qemu 2018-9f02e5ed7b spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jl3d fantastic be sure to check out the latest features here how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd kicking off a busy day with the oracle_mx team in mexico city' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2056-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review windows dos zero-day uncloaking tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec my link trader 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2991 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earlier have an exploitable memory corruption vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 libvirt elsa-2018-1997 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'almost two years and no sign of action by the ftc over whatsapp s disgraceful privacy policy change' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt girlgerms to new followers who may not have realised:hi i m a windows sysadmin microsoft mvp in cloud amp datacenter ra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk 6.2.3 7.0.1 information disclosure exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privileg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cracking the passwords of some wpa2 wi-fi networks just got easier theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'didyouknow linux runs: 98 of the top 500 fastest supercomputers 95 of the top 1m web domains 80 of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac many courses at sanssecurecanberra align with giac certs join the pros who keep the cybersecurity industry safe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 kernel cesa-2018:1854 spectre nessus plugin id 110645 with critical severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dounia_joy it might be easier to talk about the via email help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers that hit mongodb installs now switch on exposed elasticsearch elasticsearch ran' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg windows 95 is now an app you can download and install on macos windows and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking critical mcafee epo flaw ideal for reconnaissance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new office 365 phishing attack uses malicious links in sharepoint documents helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high severity flaws in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert vulnerabilities in adobe flash player apsb17-02' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla gameserver 3.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just click n wait browse lightning fast with microsoft edge to jump on these cyber monday deals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1392-1 linux security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday logostore sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel portal script 9.33 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpressstan thanks for sharing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt attrc thegrugq all sqlite records are recoverable post deletion unless scrubbed first through vacuum or the app overwrit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-6816 in wordpress before 4.7.3 wp-admin plugins.php unintended files can be deleted by ad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bad_packets if not cryptojacking maybe some other distributed computing mechanism they could do in your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_abcdefghelmi we re happy to hear everything s all good how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security yellow pages script 3.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos 10.12.x lt 10.12.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sgulphd music to our ears are you working on any interesting projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14613 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory samba updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptojacking is still a booming business mcafee labs report confirms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 java-1.8.0-openjdk alas-2018-1054 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap hana cockpit information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee host intrusion prevention installed nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a_dobbie11 looks great andrew which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no honor among thieves crooks seeking ransom for mongodb data someone else stole networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mongodb hackers target elasticsearch in new wave of ransomware attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam knows your password but don t fall for it nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version: 2.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2934 apsb17-02 adobe flash player heap overflow remote code execution iii mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android maxdsm driver kernel information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0006 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress themes nunace shell upload vulnerability csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft s creators update will feature click-to-run control over flash content on edge infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft silently fixes kernel bug that led to chrome sandbox bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center massive malvertising campaign hits msn yahoo inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evisions becomes first electronic research administration solutions provider to earn iso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sousou a key conclusion we came to is for clear linux to be usable by others it must be a product quality distrib' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brndnwrght sounds like you have a self-hosted wordpress site what security plugin are you using or where exactly are the notifications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap netweaver as java p4 mspruntimeinterface information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scammers using recipients hacked passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast expose location data infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news one in five wordpress plugins is vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 util-linux cesa-2016:2605' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7279 ms16-145 microsoft edge memory handling remote code execution 3204062 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update php5 suse-su-2016:2975-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stormchaserq long-track supercell has traveled over 150 miles from saskatchewan to north dakota latest look at the storm from 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony 2018-2bdfc9dc67 nessus plugin id 110949 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel chip flaw math unit may spill crypto secrets to apps modern linux windows bsds immune theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 pacemaker cesa-2016:2614' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update gnupg2 on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cninja321 sap done right is amazing i hope they paid you right.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'par_god that site is using self-hosted wordpress you can find a support link for that theme here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.186 actionscript filereference heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt musalbas under tory rule the uk home office has terrorised thousands of people and families including activities from depo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-05 curl multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110614 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fileserve clone script admin username password sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4224-1 gnupg security update nessus plugin id 110423 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap businessobjects financial consolidation 10.0.0.1933 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 memcached cesa-2016:2820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'long_drive hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5191 bookmark handling in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'delyaaa excellent what are your thoughts on the dell inspiron 13' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows scf file feature bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chorley_jon supply chains are transforming rapidly driven by digital technology advancements exploit those changes with oracle scm cl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to stopmalvertisin srita_karen blogvault apache infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1417-1 ca-certificates security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. gartner_inc again names oracle as a leader in data management solutions for analytics autonomous technology is a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removing option to get chrome extensions from remote sites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luca todesco releases browser-based exploit for pangu 9.3.3 jailbreak without certificate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ronnytnl e_kaspersky security teams able to access the telemetry via subscription billing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '27 proven and easy to start online business ideas that make money wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analyzing oracle security oracle critical patch update for july 2018 today oracle has released its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is gpl wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davecoleman24 the best theme will be depend on what sort of features you are looking for you can browse all of ou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup a simple apache web server in a docker container' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create custom archives page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mailia okay gotcha let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cotivity we re so glad to hear the how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cr1pt0es randomffuser googlechrome hi could you try out these steps jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues over 100 patches for flash acrobat and reader' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix 7.2 tl 1 bind iv91257 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 thunderbird elsa-2018-2252 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richmcintyrejr ah okay how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla ek rishta 2.10 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploitdb remote oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'creative management system cms lite 1.3.1 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorriew_art have you tried another browser to make sure it s not something wrong with your current browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass cve-2017-0004 local denial of service vulnerability windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnzacevedo excellent thanks for sharing your thoughts with us gonzalo.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hocupdate hackread israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjdrooghaag hi johannes check out the handy guide for steps on how to help speed up chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'finnfromny hey there what s going on to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft windo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacyint layers upon layers of insanity1 random data broker has database w info about pretty much every us citizen 2 da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation topic microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt withzombies i published the text and slides of my recon presentation on rattle in the idlewords style check it out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liciaxmarie that s odd alicia could you tell us more about what happens when you re trying to browse on chrome a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'examplo online exam system sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos ios kernel heap overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows .lnk file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase the oracle autonomous database now handles all of your workloads all of them. larry ellison thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liberty clients urged to change all banking passwords amid inside-job rumours' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is dns how to change dns records wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::executescripturi use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus wise words responsible disclosures on iot means not frequent nor automatic firmware updates then very cheap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-24 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen passwords fuel cardless atm fraud krebsonsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google wants to turn every store into a chrome-plated android shop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 bind rhsa-2018:2571 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud 4 things that should be on every cmo s wishlist via oraclemktgcloud steveolenski' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update left azure linux virtual machines open to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serenelyrapt we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thevickingtor that s an excellent list how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql multiple flaws let remote users access and gain elevated privileges remote authenticated and local users den' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metlstorm krisstheobald antisnatchor i remember security now trying to pronounce your name when talking about yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3733-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a wp-config.php file in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je messanger sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fake stores boletos and whatsapp uncovering a phishing-as-a-service operation by tempest_sec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one million yahoo and gmail account passwords for sale on the dark web adsbygoogle window infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode windows x86 executable directory search shellcode 130 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new cro and cmo bring executive experience strategic vision bold execution and go-to-market innovation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5570 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cinchapi thanks for spreading the word wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dropbox will only support the ext4 file system in linux in november dropbox has announced that starting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cia s covert cyber spy office rocked by leak on its hacking tools infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ljyockey hi there can you tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2255' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity quakes won t threaten national security howard broad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s the value of audience data for marketers oracledatacloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting wordpress tagregator plugin version 0.6 suffers from a cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 notification wal database tool in 4n6 dfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oldestwoman that doesn t sound good let s try performing a browser reset after resettin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle java uninitialized memory remote code execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debbertolucci hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'valve seems to be working on tools to get windows games running on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam paypal-hacker fake hacking tool and password surve as re-captcha we need to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghost blog 0.11.3 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sagecrm sql injection and arbitrary file upload vulnerabilities sagecrm sql injection and arbitrary file upl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read exploit cve-2018-12827 dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webbreacher easily done with the google maps javascript api' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting topic cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samafc254 that site is using the self-hosted wordpress software best place for help with that is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crowdshield bugbounty pro tip if http response contains sensitive details such as passwords credit card s or ssn s check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:1944 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts ant vulnerability usn-3721-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 ghostscript vulnerabilities usn-3148-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join oraclesecedge and stephenjgates for a webinar next week to learn how a well-known airline solved its serious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'words with multiple meanings pose a special challenge to algorithms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows task manager contains local privilege escalation vulnerability scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9e3k we ll be there for you let us know if you ever have any questions about windows we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7100 a potential security vulnerability has been identified in hpe officeconnect 1810 switch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digisol dg-br4000ng buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new windows malware wants to add your pc to a botnet or worse infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps image and video script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ericgeller read the full second half of my interview with scott smith head of the fbi s cyber division here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stevealee we re glad you re enjoying the photos app are you enjoying any other apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sucurisecurity wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement wpbeginner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sumofpwn another php object injection vulnerability fixed found by remcovermeulen wordpress infosec wordp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kseniadmitrieva beautiful wrtie-up of angularjs vulnerability in mcdonalds website i love how it chains storing passwords in loc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday mysql file uploader 1.0 id parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rab_aly hi rabia tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome os 52.0.2743.116 denial of service vulnerability google chrome os 52.0.2743.116 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 3 denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps sap netweaver as java bc-bmt-bpm-dsk xml external entity injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap netweaver abap ea-dfps remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bdhost cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress custom fields 101 tips tricks and hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_presid3nte wow what a beautiful setup how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.x remote code execution advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4277-1 mutt security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome original release date march 09 2017 google has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update gcc43 suse-su-2018:1498-1 spectre nessus plugin id 110338 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookefuchs just following up with you brooke does the web pages load fine after clearing the browsing data keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1398-1 php-horde-crypt security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql server 5.5.53 5.6.34 5.7.16 packaging unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fribeiro1 hi we will be happy to take a look and make sure everything is in order write to help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jayuplink gotcha we re happy to hear everything is running properly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd password-store gpg parsing vulnerabilities 53eb9e1e-7014-11e8-8b1f-3065ec8fd3ec nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andyhouck we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images andy how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian intelligence officers including guccifer 2.0 for hacking democrats mueller infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirgray hi miranda can you confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile on the device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows up to server 2016 win32k privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking tools the shadowbrokers is the hacker crew infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steve daheb breaks down what makes oracle s integrated cloud distinct from competitors a cloud without compromise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mxmzb hi there we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity open source code obfuscation tool for protecting ios apps mobilesecurity iossecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_jose_aparicio that s fantastic jose have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'greg_magdugo thanks for the well wishes john how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 libmspack strongswan phsa-2018-2.0-0075 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt calvinp03 oraclestartup helps startups to scale and have free cloud services jd_weinstein markvhurd larryellison' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update java-1_7_0-ibm suse-su-2017:0716-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i wish i could block voice messages on whatsapp.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0 infose' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2983 adobe shockwave versions 12.2.7.197 and earlier adobe shockwave versions 12.2.7.197 and ea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.5.3 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marklfc2010 hi mark you can learn more about upgrading to windows 10 here let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tobias_brohl thanks for confirming just to verify do you see an option to download the file by clicking on the a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'very few only 4 of state elections offices across the 50 states washington d.c and the three u.s territories' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using the search page in the reader we dived into the stream of poweredbywordpress posts on writing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dtodorova hi lily just to confirm have you tried the steps in the guide to save passwords keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox add-on with 220000 installs caught collecting users browsing history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 bind rhsa-2017:0062' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 mrg rhsa-2018:2165' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wish list and cart coming to the windows 10 microsoft store infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1482-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2016:2976-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add your wordpress site to google webmaster tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 poppler 2018-26fcc67bfd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewroysh ah okay we re glad to hear your pc is back up and running how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project x86 debug exception handling local dos xsa-265 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability spotlight multiple code execution vulnerabilities in oracle outside in technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.0 binary release packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xalexei my slides on reverse engineering windows defender s binary emulator as presented reconmtl blackhatevents and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 139100-07 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8251 a memory corruption vulnerability exists when windows media foundation improperly handl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux phsa-2017-0036 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to brute force a mysql db' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'resiprocate 1.10.2 heap overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internet security cisco ons 15454 series multiservice provisioning platforms tcp port management denial of serv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you need a password manager my real world scare' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office broadband routers disabled by mirai malware what are the lessons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new php code execution attack puts wordpress sites at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ippulse 1.92 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump might ask putin to extradite the 12 russian intelligence officers securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a post format in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1699-1 meltdown spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows alpc local privilege escalation microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 30.0.0.134 apsb18-25 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozilla thunderbird opensuse-2018-701 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with passwords people tend to overthink it let s not make it more complicated than it needs to be.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities oracle bi publisher multiple security vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'let us show you how to win big in higher education with oracle procurement cloud highered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update apache2 opensuse-2018-907 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow 1.1 sql injection web vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel portal script 9.33 pages.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want a behind-the-scenes look into the first ever talossecurity threat research summit take a look' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday february 7th 2017 tue feb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 thunderbird elsa-2016-2825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robjquinn1 wordpress is the name of a piece of software and bluehost are both hosting p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks on oracle weblogic servers detected after publication of poc code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new oracle iaas internet intelligence map provides a simple graphical way to track the health of the internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update bzrtp opensuse-2017-193' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd clamav multiple vulnerabilities d1e9d8c5-839b-11e8-9610-9c5c8e75236a nessus plugin id 110970 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5216 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix netscaler adc netscaler gateway up to 10.4 11.1 gcm nonce generator weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'system76 refreshes ubuntu linux laptops with intel kaby lake nvidia gtx 10 series and 4k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whixr i got stuck after subway trains and 180 fires please link to flash and firmware details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln util-linux cve-2016-5011 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office the go-to platform for zero-day exploits malicious office documents are the weapon of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3210-1 libreoffice vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chatnow 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to crop rotate scale and flip images in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alienvault unified security management ossim sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-4329 a local denial of service vulnerability exists in window broadcast message handling fun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nehaachaudhari how do trai s privacy recommendations stack up against the srikrishna committee s provisional views in its whit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9686 the puppet communications protocol pcp broker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senate votes to allow isps to legally sell your browsing history without' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption ms15-056' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle learn to use and understand oracle s internet intelligence map dyn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt steveenisa estonia names heli tiirmaa-klaar as new ambassador at large for cybersecurity excellent choice good to see thi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hack over internet blackeye phishing tool for linux ngrok integrated phish any website with more than 30 template i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'harindu_hippola lizmhull tracking protection by default and easily clears your history passwords and bookmarks stuff mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter steam profile integration 2.0.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'caboose27xx very cool are you playing any other amazing games on your windows 10 pc at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asustor data master lt 3.1.3 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 111232 with critical severity synopsis a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rajeshsapkal thanks for the fave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'install_drivers overhaul installing driverslinuxopen source driversnowadays most open source drivers make us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 thunderbird 2017-fce0c6fd46 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center flaws found in emerson deltav liebert products securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-12 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dsaisasikanth1 we re glad you think so how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'possible tor browser de-cloak zero day dropped patch in works mozilla patch crew confirms a fix is on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windtalker guesses passwords based on how fingers affect wi-fi readings l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arekfurt hacks4pancakes yeah they discontinued it in windows server because telemetry said nobody really used it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3929 an exploitable heap corruption exists in the powerpoint document conversion functionality of the ante' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shwim hi there you can learn more about upgrading to windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 libtiff euleros-sa-2018-1165 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer hacker breaches hola vpn chrome extension to go after cryptocurrency wallet site by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4217-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3219-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in oracle database patch without delay oracle is urging users to patch their infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp telegram flaw gives hackers full account access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2904-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'persistent cross-site scripting vulnerability in user access manager wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aws is fast punches above its weight stings oracle but no knockout pundits note growth in lambda infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows up to server 2016 privilege escalation cve-2017-0102' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt elivalley it s rare that subject matter calls out to me so feverishly that i must drop everything until the vision is realize' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2915-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress drcsystems ethicsolutions jssor-slider library plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdtauk thanks for logging the in the feedback hub your feedback allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-django1 opensuse-2018-875 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks heating up against apache struts 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps pagekit 1.0.10 password reset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sylviez_sylviep sounds good let us know how it goes how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking steganos privacy suite 18 offers password management comprehensive container-based encryption and steganography htt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 red hat jboss web server 3.1.0 service pack 1 rhsa-2017:1801 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah edge vmware safari and ubuntu linux hacked at pwn2own 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cjstop hi chris could you tell us more about what s going on with your google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haneycodes we re doing great let us know if you or your wife have any questions about windows we re more than happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1826 spectre nessus plugin id 110506 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8394 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress jibu pro 1.7 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the goldfish and its steerable robot tank will destroy humanity mark our words first the uni campus infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'business development dir of training klaus behrla is speaking at cebit mon abt linux foundation learning choices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada vulnerabilities in ics architectures helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 questions of highly curious cloud customers by deepak patil of oracle via v3_co_uk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you know the best way to keep your linux systems running at optimal levels lfs426 linux performance tuning tea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-008 security update for windows hyper-v 4013082' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2242 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matt_cnd urgent we need a network based digital forensics analyst asap to work in the south west great team to join and a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secuninja hi welcome to dell social media support i m kavyashree.the windows update take some while to get ins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution an unauthenticated attacker with network access to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'think broadly to keep ahead of the next threat as cyber threats grow increasingly sophisticated staying infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update for microsoft office july 2018 macos nessus plugin id 110978 with high severity synopsis an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity when the windows server comes back up after patching' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house should lead broad cybersecurity effort panel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cisco-sa-20161221-cco cisco cloudcenter orchestrator docker engine privilege escalation vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter country on sale sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aladydon hi there have a look at the guide to help speed up chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thinner lighter more powerful dellprecision 15 3000 gets an excellent review from storagereview' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wwv shortwave time broadcasts may be slashed in 2019' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284835 windows 10 version 1803 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110487 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd subversion unrestricted xml entity expansion in mod_dontdothat and subversionclients using nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cross-site scripting en nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious docker containers earn cryptomining criminals 90k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash avc processing out of bounds read packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter critical wordpress rest api bug prevent your blog from being hacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 mysql phsa-2018-2.0-0079 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wordpress 4.7.1 released patches eight vulnerabilities and 62 bugs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1538-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity adobe angers chrome users by bundling browser plugin with security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot strikes talos and flashpoint respond infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server exploit topic oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt qalaatalmudiq ne latakia fsa second coastal division suppressed an active atgm position with a fagot in jebal turkman' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat windows pe binary static analysis tool binskim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortify ssc 17.10 17.20 18.10 xxe injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2255 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hayesbrown oh so the is how we die neat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uh oh upcoming changes to the webassembly standard could render meltdown and spectre mitigations and browser pa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keydnap malware how does it steal mac passwords the keydnap malware has the ability to steal passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation the metasploit module attempts to gain root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln citrix provisioning services remote code execution and information disclosure vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7465 it was found that the jaxp implementation used in jboss eap 7.0 for xslt processing is vulnerable to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review windows dos zero-day uncloaking tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'porn extortion email tied to password breach an update to the post has been made at the end the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos ios officeimporter javascript injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chuckbaggett so we can see if it is an addon please navigate to about:addons in your browser and send a screenshot of the results josh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress multiple plugin file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity german it security office focuses on election influencing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has fixed 270 security flaws in its products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scmoracle cindy reese oracle svp worldwide operations discussing oracle s aggressive supply chain transformation go-live date dece' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu s crash report tool allows remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdormann using cert tapioca as an os-agnostic wildcard internet server like inetsim or fakenet-ng all ip-based network tra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0200-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when it comes to security android is the new windows network world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jediralts we completely understand we recommend trying the windows update troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the official tor browser for ios is free to use onion browser developer mike tigas tells ars he gave up infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asjkhgfsjfg hi there how are things running for you after the install we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'romoxido firefox sync automatically backs up your passwords bookmarks and histories online so when you login t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3740-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinodaizovi it s good to see the time requirements to develop the exploit: with little prior knowledge of javascriptcore th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pawmanda okay gotcha let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know how it goes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings tor browser 6.0.7 is released the tor blog see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft testing memberships subscription section in windows 10 store app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lol the baggaley brothers should really stop committing crimes they suck at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimmychimchim ah okay be sure to check out the latest windows features here how long ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 one-to-one fulfillment privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwned with 4 lines of code researchers warn scada systems are still hopelessly insecure how shamoon infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sarahwhitehfx wow that s an impressive amount of time thanks for being a loyal user are you using windows to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox zero-day mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'authentication success local checks not available nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox add-on snoops on 200 000 users browsing activities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter why companies offer a hacking bounty and why there are challenges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reem_gamil amazing we love having fans like you are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle patches raft of vulnerabilities in business applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3143-1 c-ares vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talossecurity nice job folks great read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sam0x90 analyzing windows system service api calls from stuxnet malicious lsass processes so cool sansicseurope stuxnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown designing an effective and adaptable marketing organization marketingtips cmo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deivismercado if you haven t already join the live webcast to oraclenetsuite event here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts samba vulnerabilities usn-3738-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter yacht listing script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'writerfox hi sorry about that can you try logging out of your account and clear your browser cache and cookies and then try again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability microsoft inte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt detroitenglish new passwords are now checked against the haveibeenpwned database and scored using the zxcvbn library big thank' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities adobe fla' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear multiple model cgi-bin rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domd212 uh oh give these steps a try go to settings on your device gt apps amp notifications gt app info gt chrome gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news the grugq hacker house and boceffus cleetus weigh in on the latest shadowbroker dump' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drew_cm thanks for the kind words.that s great to hear.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'midwestyarn can you send us an email to help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt naksisan account takeover due to blind mongodb injection in password reset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server bugs let remote users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap netweaver as java 7.4 icman denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity fancy the new html vsphere client go get it the old one has a security problem infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freutty we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many infosec professionals reuse passwords across multiple accounts lastline announced the results of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kondwamz oh good news how has your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update w3m suse-su-2016:3046-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo to make its bios uefi updates easier for linux users via lvfs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity top story autofill browser feature gives thieves your private information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i think the next big test for the windows defender team and product is java if they can get cloud reputation of .j' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwned with 4 lines of code researchers warn scada systems are still hopelessly insecure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msoffice_tp thanks for sharing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dhanaanj for help with the is the wordpress support forums here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re excited to announce the launch of turbotax for windows10 pcs amp tablets file with confidence:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 dnsmasq phsa-2017-0035 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ebcovert3 joviannfeed _pawurb wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news here s how the windows 10 creators update helps enterprises' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leave backdoors open to cheap remote desktop protocol attacks according to new mcafee findings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 scriptapplylogicalwidth out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln splunk enterprise cve-2016-10126 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 xerces-c euleros-sa-2018-1160 nessus plugin id 110736 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nmap port scanner 7.40 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-06 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt demonslay335 spotted a new variant of everbe ransomware on id ransomware using extension . thunderhelp airmail.cc .thunder' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glibc realpath privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kratos appoints kevin walden as chief information officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dual-boot fedora 25 windows 10 on a computer with uefi firmware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if anybody ponders why i support diversity in tech here s the windows 95 launch to explain everything' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser hijacker definition removal and prevention guide pc is now booted you open up the browser it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center notorious iot botnets weaponize new flaw found in millions of home routers arstechnic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jkirstaetter oh good we re glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hereshavi we re glad to have you on team windows which windows features or apps do you currently use the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecedge the pentagon is cracking down on geolocation in fitness trackers and other mobile devices find out why they re a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update nautilus suse-su-2018:2058-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2013-6282 local privilege escalation vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft excel starter 2010 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cgorczyca hmm cache and cookies might have built up over time and it varies from user to user based on their brow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top opensource host based intrusion detection hids tools download our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle the future is fast approaching next week leaders and entrepreneurs from top companies will come together to discu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'notsoplainjane2 hey there let us know if you have any questions we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.18 gets first point release it s now ready for mass deployments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk acquires victorops in 120 million deal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos cesa-2018-1957 important centos 7 git upstream details at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter domains and hostings pro 3.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome adds ambitious browser mitigation for spectre chrome adds ambitious browser mitigation for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ox app suite 7.8.4 xss privilege management ssrf traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is windows shimcache a threat hunting goldmine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view agent 7.x lt 7.5.1 local information disclosure vulnerability vmsa-2018-0018 nessus plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android system_server code loading bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bromium wins 2016 government security news homeland security awards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glusterfs rhsa-2018:1955 nessus plugin id 110631 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update libofx suse-su-2018:2064-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5570 sql injection vulnerability patient portal cve-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn more about one of the visionaries behind ciscodna more on cisco svp ravi chandrasekaran' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truknightmare hi there what version of chrome are you using to check go to your address bar and type in chrome: version.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 coreutils rhsa-2017:0654 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln trend micro serverprotect for linux unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability trend micro infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update nautilus suse-su-2018:2058-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip unfortunately ransomware is a thing fortunately windows10 and onedrive totally have your back with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theevilbit my hacksysteam hevd kernel exploits written in python for win7 sp1 x86 are here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclestartup vote for an interesting panel at sxsw 2019 startup-corporate partnerships key to innovation featuring rocksta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update syncthing syncthing-gtk opensuse-2017-29' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hackwifipassword easily using new attack on wpa wpa2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches record 334 vulnerabilities in july 2018 oracle patches over 200 remotely exploitable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'responsive filemanager 9.13.1 server-side request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp says backdoor claim bogus by tom spring claims of a backdoor in whatsapp that could be used infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer opensuse-2017-302' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla userextranet 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3143-1 c-ares vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen wyden calls for the removal of flash player from federal sites computers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so_influenced enabled and try disabling any browser extensions you have installed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 policycoreutils rhsa-2017:0536 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown the good and bad with content templates templates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday mc documentation creator script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk 7.0.1 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2018-11409 webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mlbrook my partner runs a small factory post-brexit institutional arrangements will impact his ability to import materials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a photo album gallery in wordpress without a plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung group offices raided by korean prosecutors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kfc hacked users told to lick their fingers and reset passwords fast food restaurant chain kfc is the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubunsys an advanced system configuration utility for ubuntu power users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jeffborek thank you angelatlf and the entire linuxfoundation events team for all the hard work that makes the ossummit loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress pie register plugin amp lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'niteshyours flyplugins wordpress hacker0x01 bugcrowd feel free to submit details to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrefghi we love your enthusiasm how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kimmiski_ thanks for the support how long have you been a windows fan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aidanrocke can you please email help wordpress.com with more details latex is a bit tricky to troubleshoot in 140 characters' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install zabbix and add remote hosts on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash needed in 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown proving the value of marketing to the enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update imagemagick suse-su-2016:2964-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8233 windows_10 windows_server_2016 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patching windows for spectre and meltdown a complete guide on may 21 2018 google project zero gpz infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gifttanz malwrhunterteam the pc my org was using when i first joined 5 years ago was still running windows 98 it was riddl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils phsa-2018-1.0-0104 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lubiie the team over wordpress should be able to assist you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wielding their windows phones microsoft shareholders grill ceo satya nadella on device strategy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onarcade 2.4.2 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update exempi suse-su-2018:2067-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'traceyatcb hi tracey what s going on with google chrome could you share more information about it let us know a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb amp amp lt 2.1.0 remote code execution exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.5 atusb.c buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euro patent office staff plead for third time to get rid of battistelli protests erupt again as country infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk broadband customers set to receive millions in compensation for bad service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eventslf join us in edinburgh for 200 sessions and co-located events including linux security summit lf energy summit and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution polaris office 2017 version 8.1 allows attackers to exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet fortigate fortios up to 5.2.8 5.4.0 password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft combats bad passwords with new azure tools cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cms snews sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password check required not so fast darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress bloggers strongly encouraged to immediately apply security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14612 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_7_0-openjdk suse-su-2018:1692-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings critical alert cve-2018-4990 acrobat reader dc double-fre see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm infosphere igc multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110416 with high severity synopsis ibm infosphere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update libsndfile suse-su-2018:2065-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt robwright22 jerry geisler walmart s newest ciso talks with searchsecurity about his vision for securing the world s largest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. oraclell 1-day left learn functional programming in java freeoraclejavamooc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0014-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ruffytrey oh no let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday asuswrt rtac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'warwargoddess you can change the settings for windows update to choose to their timing more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:1852 nessus plugin id 110541 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using a simple way to bypass ms office 365 protection security researchers have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordfence warns of a huge increase in brute force attacks on wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'midknightgiant hello there let s have you run the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-5307 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 mshtml ceditadorner::detach use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenikkigee hmm it looks like you might be affected by malware try running the chrome cleanup tool:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware vsphere client 5.5 6.0 xxe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside the chinese-hacking underground the experts at flashpointintel know how to identify amp characterise the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity park ridge police hospital patient arrested for biting security officer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu transport layer security library 3.5.19 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my video converter 1.5.24 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8399 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when the win32k component fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a localhost in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets attackers alter messages in chats an israel based cybersecurity firm check point infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'duchenedesign wow that looks great we re happy to hear that windows allows you to stay productive on the go thank you for sharing.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization rce cve-2018-2893 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln skype for windows cve-2016-5720 untrusted search path vulnerability for windows cve-2016-5720 untrust' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s project zero outs severe vulnerability in microsoft s edge browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'river_quinn does it work better if you try using a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rikki don t lose that bluetooth device packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password-stealing flaws in lastpass chrome and firefox extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt michalpurzynski slides from my talk aboutnetwork security monitoringbro idsupdated with code and documentationscroll to the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'change all your passwords right now by steinthor bjarnason senior asert security analyst amp roland infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libxi suse-su-2016:3047-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat s jhibbets shares tips for increasing community engagement and lessons learned from twitter chats:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janet_legreg seems not the password was only used for vle related matters between our son s school' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project releases sandboxed tor browser 0.0.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sec00000101 sansinstitute for500 with rob lee is an awesome can of supercharged redbull for windows forensics loved it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 calamares 2016-561a937494 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin cve-2016-6617 sql-injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0patch fun fact 1 windows xp is still every 25th windows computer on the internet.fun fact 2 0patch works on windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chronic compared to windows 10 no contest.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware player 12.x lt 12.5.4 drag-and-drop feature guest-to-host code execution vmsa-2017-0005 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is a wordpress child theme pros cons and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passing the buck on password strength still an issue with major sites security privacy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver visual composer denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'admv0rl0n it really isn t every business i ve worked for and migrated in has been primarily windows windows admi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday php b2b script 3.05 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbenjaminsr17 hi there is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday polaris office 2017 8.1 polarisoffice remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghassanaltaji music to our ears how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skinnerpm allthingsnatsec btrtsr must be disappointing when your job is automated by a deadbolt.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2928-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm qradar siem up to 7.2.6 sql injection cve-2016-2873' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travelingpoet1 about disabling the support option we don t have a setting for that but you could likely use a browser style to do it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2097 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sudheer_mv hi i see that your computer is shipped with linux and not with the windows 10 pro hence our suppor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oh for f acebook critics bash whatsapp encryption backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'regally_evil we re happy to hear your device is running smoothly how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the year s blackhatevents will be one of the best yet be sure to stop by booth 812 at bhusa for mcafee swag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ex-us national security official clarke regulation key to protecting ics scada from cyberattacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the winnti gang continues its activity and leverages github for c amp c hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is updating onedrive desktop app on windows 10 with new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10881 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-of-bound' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts mutt vulnerabilities usn-3719-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash exploit found in seven exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell s xtremio has a new reseller in japan their all-flash rival fujitsu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode windows x86 reverse tcp staged alphanumeric shellcode 332 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 xfa engine buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2242' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snkhan it s now available as the docker image remnux cyberchef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-731-1 imagemagick security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'case study why an isp in south sudan chose oracle dyn for its ddos protection cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle to gain an advantage in the fierce competition for the next generation of organizational leaders companies should' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2016:2996 red hat enterprise linux 4 extended life cycle support three-month notice problem descriptio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 3.20 source code packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux mono jit 4.6.2 compiler mismanagement multithread handling buffer overflow cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how open source accelerates iot according to james kirkland of redhatnews great read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2018:1603-1 meltdown spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'almost 1 million people testing whatsapp payments service in india' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps property listing script 3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dandhewitt is your browser up to date how old is the chromebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whizbiz business directory cms 1.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how microsoft office s new inking capabilities work seamlessly with surface studio and surface dial windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-723-1 libsoap-lite-perl security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybergibbons securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen totally need a better one my stupid little dinky rf isolation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1st up and it has a foreword by the uk information commissioner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fernby is the site hosted with us or is it an individual wordpress installation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ramboreality we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'programmer releases bot army to crush windows support scammers can an army of bots remove the scourge infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microsoft wireless d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday december 8th 2016 thu dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add sticky posts in wordpress custom post type archives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'key-logging crims hide windows malware in 145 apps on google play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows kernel object memory handling flaw lets local users cause denial of service conditions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln nvidia windows kernel mode driver cve-2016-8708 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5-year-old linux kernel local privilege escalation flaw discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer lol babayaga wordpress malware updates your site by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2450 sap maxdb livecache versions 7.8 and 7.9 allows an attacker who gets dbm operator privileges to e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwnallthethings chrome blocks by default and they dominate browsers it s all delivery via office docs now but i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos adobe flash avc header slicing heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'now you can activate site isolation security feature also on your chrome v.68 browser app for android device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brendanl79 we re glad you re a fan brendan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-55 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bennetwork25 music to our ears how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit topic oracle weblogic server deserialization rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sofacy apt doubles down on its dealerschoice flash exploit campaign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexpi77 thanks for your feedback alex are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to 0pensource mchamberlain99 wordpress webdesign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realchrisebert there s only a finite set of ways to hook keystrokes but i don t know about windows _ _' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday viavi product review id parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tydalforce proud to work at oracle thanks for supporting lgbt inclusion and the hrc corporate equality index equality https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in honor of worldwidegivingday we are sharing how our hillsboro office is working with openschoolnw to spread th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch esa-2018-11 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high-severity chrome vulnerabilities earn researcher 32k in rewards researcher mariusz mlynski found infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11769 couchdb administrative users before 2.2.0 can configure the database server via http s due to insu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipgaur hi please contact us at help wordpress.com regarding the issue thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm mq appliance cve-2015-7420 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we are pleased to announce flashpointintel as detect18 platinum sponsor flashpoint delivers business risk intell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 multiple heap buffer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation windows 10 diagnostics hub standard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'missed the q4 java update get it right away' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re calling on the women in our community to share their osstory what brought you to open source how has it ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marycarmenrn when you mention about compatibility are you installing ubuntu instead of the windows os could you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'princefuls hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jed_reynolds how interesting are you able to identify the last windows update that was successfully installed we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5182 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elementary os is jack s top-rated distribution for new linux users find out why in the review of the latest rele' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla announces firefox lockbox a face id-compatible password manager for ios hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit cve-2018-4192 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server 2008 r2 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danikloo enabling send reports will send us automatic reports when your chrome crashes the will help us fix and improve chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware player 7.1.3 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-154 critical security update for adobe flash player 3209498 version 1.0 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center buffer overflow exploit can bypass activation lock on ipads running ios 10.1.1 arstec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow v1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nicoleymcquack welcome to team windows. check out some tips and tricks for getting started:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1524-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update redis opensuse-2018-667' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trashyartgaming try clearing the cache amp cookies and restart google chrome let us know if that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tombrossman privacymatters to delete older tweets you must now download your full archive from twitter and run a cli tool lik' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office depot tech support fraud alleged you ve read our blog posts debunking phone-based tech support infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spsnomad and windows clients the dhcp server list thing in ad is just to join a windows dhcp server you can setu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'process listing api psapi enumprocess securitytube' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 netcat -e option disabled reverse shell shellcode 180 bytes 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-149 security update for microsoft windows 3205655' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches zero-day flash flaw krebsonsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to do line-by-line comparison of files in linux using diff command' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel local use after free multiple denial of service vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1658-1 meltdown spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 httpd euleros-sa-2018-1212 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome os exploit one byte overflow and symlinks the following article is an guest blog post from an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsblog new alienware gaming desktops and dell gaming monitors announced at gamescom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle 3 converging trends in cloud security for the public sector.to learn more visit 930gov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open sesame vulnerability that let users hack windows 10 was demonstrated at black hat conference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla extra search 2.2.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3284 remote security vulnerability e-business suite cve-2017-3284 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update memcached on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8233 windows_10 windows_server_2016 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in win' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is committed to the environment join earthhour tomorrow at 8:30 pm 9:30 pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday starting page 1.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yep two key infosec vendors the only big sap security vendor and the intel bios probers have been sanctioned as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews new google developer jaffathecake discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers that could allow remote attac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2017:0057 flash-plugin security update problem description an update for flash-plugin is now availabl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office web apps august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cindy_lambrouil hi i can help in english what is the site address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'criminals avoid detection using old campaigns the june 2018 threats report from mcafee labs finds a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 75 off hostgator wordpress hosting 0.01 for domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asherjreid mozilla hello what s up mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8928 ibm kenexa lms on cloud is vulnerable to sql ibm kenexa lms on cloud is vulnerable to sql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markdistef breaking ofcom rules alex salmond and russian today breached broadcasting regulations after several tweets used on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mondumbra hello there we suggest checking out all the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco coverage for shamoon 2 shamoon is a type of destructive malware that has been previously infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sample drupal exploits triggering smb connections from pdfs win7 10 ntfs crash dos azucar azure podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-118 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3192887 version 2.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking eset multi-device security 10 covers six or 10 windows macos or android devices it s at its best on android https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap netweaver visual composer denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free crash packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-1854 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steftravels understood try resetting your chrome settings let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts amd64-microcode update usn-3690-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian intelligence officers indicted for dnc hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt minecraft the new version of minecraft is out on switch features cross-play with xbox one windows 10 vr and mobile devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juangiovannifl1 understood are you able to identify which version of windows the device is running we d like to learn more.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djddueces that s amazing thanks for your support let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'illucifer hi chris what happens when you try to open the website on chrome is there an error message keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arnabwahid we re not currently accepting new theme submissions but you can email us at themes wordpress.com plea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple tv lt 11.4 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'win10fan we re glad you re having a great time which features are you most excited for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam sc magazine infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see highlights of 2016 linux foundation events share your favorite moments and register for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt yeyint_mth sometime we forgot native ftp.exe client in windows that can execute system cmd without direct access to cmd.exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons it s taken a lot of work to develop detection c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 kernel alas-2018-1044 nessus plugin id 110967 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious google chrome extension spreads nude celebrity pdfs to facebook a researcher at cyren has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7283 microsoft internet explorer 9 through 11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cipherstorm inner circle podcast episode 009 scott scheferman explains predictive advantage scott scheferman a senior dire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert found a 0day rce in microsoft windows jscript component securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl5.x sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3728-1 firefox-esr security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe php exploit threatens wordpress sites with remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patrickseurre it doesn t have to be that way it helps when i explain that whatsapp actual uses signal technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explained what s up with the whatsapp backdoor story feature or bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8219 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when windows hyper-v instruction emulation fails to pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update nextcloud opensuse-2018-936 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 unauthenticated content injection poc 0day exploit websec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imaguid symantec they are free to hide their bullshit behind mealy mouthed weasel words but don t encourage them to paint over history.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans webcastwindows baselining and remote system assessment for the low-low price of free-ninety-freeby' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after gdpr it s not just a compliance game anymore peter lefkowitz of citrix explains how it s changing the ent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-1883 the issetugid system call in the linux the issetugid system call in the linux compatibilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sql slammer worm crawls back sql slammer a tiny worm that managed to wreak havoc across the internet on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2448 admin tools in sap businessobjects business intelligence platform versions 4.1 and 4.2 allows an un' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-9585 remote denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1802-1 important redis an update that fixes two vulnerabilities is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realteddyofsac that s amazing teddy how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office viewer products june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 snooping microsoft gets more time to tackle excessive data collection microsoft has been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug allowed hackers to find out everything facebook knows about you with the release of chrome 68 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irish data chief finds yahoo broke eu law in breach issues no penalty' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update vim suse-su-2016:2942-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brandyellen music to our ears have you had a chance to check out all the latest features in the windows 10 apri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the mechanics of windows patching in plain english' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkuwu0 that s fantastic are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'former qualys exec charged with insider trading after protecting brothers from financial loss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-kvm linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-37 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want 100k just hack john mcafee s unhackable crypto-wallet hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe linux-azure linux-gcp vulnerability usn-3732-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 68 changes and their impact on data protection. google announced in november last year infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 55.0.2883.75 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3148-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss eap rhsa-2017:0827' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with the brand new wetransfer extension it s even easier to transfer large files directly through your browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-809-1 tcpdump security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesportyfan hi joy have you tried the steps in the article to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2819-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wikileaks reveals cia s tactics for breaching iphones ipads windows smart tvs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt demonslay335 spotted a submission to id ransomware for aurora using another email and btc address but most disappointingly it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday june 25th 2018 mon jun 25th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln red hat mod_cluster cve-2016-8612 denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a bunch of compromized wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel mcafee dispute heads for settlement talks networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2973' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd postgresql two vulnerabilities 96eab874-9c79-11e8-b34b-6cc21735f730 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seoglyu that s an excellent choice how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel tcp reassembly algorithm lets remote users consume excessive cpu resources on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.11 vfio_pci.c buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the great debian iceweasel icedove saga comes to an end now that thunderbird is back in the debian repositori' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rahalm16 it s me again you can find the vulnerability easily by google the following words slack education plan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to gizesthq security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201806-04 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9191 the cgroup offline implementation in the linux the cgroup offline implementation in the li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix bellmail advisory suid_advisory.asc iv97356 iv99497 iv99498 iv99499 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'candidoruizruiz hi which blog are you having trouble resetting the password for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three ideas that could reshape the value of security to your company jonmichaelbrook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hacks4pancakes i wonder how many security orgs absolutely adore splunk but have been totally priced out of its use in the last few' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nine in 10 businesses fear employee passwords will compromise their networks some 90 of it business infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps glink word link script 1.2.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bring a cheerful charge of color to your desktop with the vibrant windows10 theme download some free flower powe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 glusterfs rhsa-2018:1954 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trend micro enterprise mobile security 2.0.0.1700 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vandipitty hey there how is everything running for you after the update we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars lightsaber immersion blender a more elegant blender for a more civilized meal infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the government accountability office the congressional watchdog that oversees government spending is warning th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot search engine zoomeye cached passwords for tens of thousands of dahua dvrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7263 microsoft excel for mac 2011 and excel 2016 for microsoft excel for mac 2011 and excel 201' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 23 1pm et extrahop webcast how network traffic analytics eliminates darkspace for soc sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3133-1 oxide vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamsbusiso hi sibusiso could you tell us more about what s happening with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office vulnerabilities used to distribute felixroot backdoor malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iball baton 150m password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6213 fs namespace.c in the linux kernel before 4.9 does not restrict how many mounts may exist in a mount' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ciscoservices a sneak peek into clus for service providers join the live broadcast in 1 hour here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gate_15_analyst wtb weak passwords let a hacker access internal sprint staff portal amp updates re elections highered amp mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ofcom to force a legal separation of openreach regulator disappointed in bt s own voluntary proposals infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 icu 2016-a0dc2c43d0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt barton_paul officialmcafee the is a better article' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct shadowbrokers nsa malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot strikes talos and flashpoint respond infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'randomsubu you re welcome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update bash suse-su-2016:2872-1 shellshock nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-6497 main java org apache directory groovyldap ldap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity securityscorecard names jasson casey chief technology officer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new research revealing browser cryptomining generating 250k every month' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for december 2016 exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside the chinese-hacking underground the experts at flashpointintel know how to identify amp characterise the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamosaur my non-lawyerly reading of the thing says the don t weaken provision is about weakening for non targe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'without necurs locky struggles ciscosecurity talossecurity security ransomware cc:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you know an attacker can go undetected in your environment for 200 days outsmart them with windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3189-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google discloses unpatched flaw in edge internet explorer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache storm cve-2018-1332 user impersonation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt taosecurity the is remarkably good why it uses sentences a powerpoint version would be horrible review any of the results' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ntp cve-2017-6460 stack buffer overflow vulnerability enterprise linux 7redhat enterpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb 2.1.0 remote code execution exploit cve-2017-12636 webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how https works a comic featuring browserbird and certificat via dnsimple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-003 critical security update for adobe flash player 3214628 version 1.0 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stopping malware with a fake virtual machine mcafee security malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd openssl client dos due to large dh parameter c82ecac5-6e3f-11e8-8777-b499baebfeaf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud the internet will always fall victim to disruptions and breakdowns but businesses with the right data tools peo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb servers now a ransomware target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erastussifuma hello there we re glad to hear you re enjoying the spotlight images how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avtestorg av-test the best antivirus software for windows 10 home user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacydigest chrome extensions android and ios apps caught collecting browsing data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge windows 10 info leak type confusion remote code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libpcap 1.9.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'football app tracks illegal broadcasts using your microphone and gps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost shadowbrokers dump came from internal code repository insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday struts2 s2-045 remote command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proteensaz hey there how are things going with windows 10 do you have any questions while you settle in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update dpdk-thunderxdpdk opensuse-2018-558 nessus plugin id 110336 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday witycms 0.6.2 cross-site request forgery password change vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office harry potter fine art prints the boy who lived we don t remember having to stop infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the wild infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5577 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fuzzysec fuzzysec pskernelpwn gt windows kernel exploitation pool overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2250 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2447 sap businessobjects business intelligence launchpad web intelligence version 4.2 allows an attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm security access manager lets local users view passwords stored in configuration files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4jeffbrown you can also install noscript for an added layer of security does that help br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware google recently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elisameetsworld understood have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them one by o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday asus pce-ac56 wlan card utilities pcausa rawether windows 10 x64 local privilege es' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix linux virtual delivery agent 1.3 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 bind rhsa-2018:2570 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched windows zero day allows dos attacks possibly other exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sql slammer worm crawls back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceomcmxd that s what we like to hear have you checked out the windows store yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts webkit2gtk vulnerabilities usn-3687-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ericbrodie that s awesome eric which new features are you enjoying in windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 open source principles that help devops teams excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dhcp client command injection dynoroot packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warns of new linux kernel vulnerability darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doubledeckerpot among with the use of a master password of course bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 05 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update php on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix wordpress posts returning 404 error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network whatsapp says backdoor claim bogus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch now adobe flash bug allows attackers to spy on users via camera amp microphone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft to add flash blocking in windows 10 creators update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9010 ibm websphere message broker 9.0 and 10.0 could ibm websphere message broker 9.0 and 10.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6686 authentication bypass vulnerability in tpm autoboot in mcafee drive encryption mde 7.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sap_aws how true gt gt gt the is exactly why and how i ended up saving my business millions by moving sap to awscloud and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obfuscated javascript targeting mobile devices axis camera vulnerabilities old apple cache leak a podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobile_evang that s quite the operation tony are any features in windows 10 helping you to be more productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gstreamer heap corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huzaifakhan04 thanks for the kind words huzaifa which pc games have you been playing the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5517 sql injection vulnerability in author.control.php in genixcms through 0.0.8 allows remote attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add an author s photo in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new extortion tricks now including your password thu jul 12th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collinrblx glad to hear the troubleshooter sorted things out how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openvas vulnerability assessment install on kali linux howtoforge the tutorial documents the process of i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mbed tls plaintext recovery vulnerabilities f4876dd4-9ca8-11e8-aa17-0011d823eebd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap solman 7.31 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alsaibie hello ali which version of windows are you seeing the on in particular we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quality material dedicated instructors and a relentless passion for excellence see us in action at one of our up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome bug opens access to private facebook information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marasawr cont d unit 26165 badin ass t head of dept civ-mil qqch yershov military officer. nco yermakov mi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out how mcafee and ciso grantbourzikas are working on improving diversity in cybersecurity by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adrienneksmith thanks for posting the site address it s actually using the wordpress installation which is diffe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7263 microsoft excel for mac 2011 and excel 2016 for mac allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle riding in the oracle retail tesla now that s going to lunch in style lifeatoracle mathieumilot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9275 are viewing the page in an unauthorized frame window.the is a pote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7291 microsoft word 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 word 2010 sp2 office compatibility pack sp3 word for mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extracting shellcode from javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338825 windows 10 version 1709 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6493 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2014-6493 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irajamesgarcia wow that s quite the collection which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'n4_squid hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity new security feature for windows 10 devices in the works infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt axios mcafee is offering free cloud services to election officials in all 50 states for one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'duncanfhall thanks for the info duncan could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re on the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arris slaps down us 800m to buy brocade s wireless bits broadcom waves farewell to what used to be infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2904-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mhmdfakhreddine we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5897 the ip6gre_err function in net ipv6 ip6_gre.c in the linux kernel allows remote attackers to have un' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'briantjackett we re glad the was helpful brian how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows dvd maker 6.1.7 xml external entity injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'livingstone_s it s a farce and let s not forget that in august 2016 when whatsapp changed its privacy policy and b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yay google is doing the too in chrome result iphone and android phones will be more secure soon tm plus ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2999 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earlier have an exploitable memory corruption vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'overcoming some spectre browser mitigations with poc see comment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-32 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 sssd and ding-libs rhsa-2018:1877 nessus plugin id 110602 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i want it hot and wet preferably with wi-fi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dark reading mongodb attack shows off cyber extortionists new tricks tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattr8200 hi matt unfortunately our open positions are all affiliated with the specific offices that are listed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome desktop update mends 36 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat keycloak cve-2016-8609 session hijacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need some docker help check out our list of the top 100 docker tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s time to start planning overdue windows 7 computer upgrades' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smart guard network manager 6.3.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what you need to know apache struts vulnerability 8 22 2018 on wednesday august 22th the apache team infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt redgoatcyber i am really looking forward to speaking at the event some excellent speakers in the line up so get the 20th sept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest today 6 12 10:30am estintroduction to enterprise vulnerability assessment finding strutsby adriendb info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'part 5 of the course preview discusses the openstack project in detail download the sample chapter now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'biesta billing 4.0 beta cross site request forgery traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce joomla com_rpl sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce plugin amp lt 1.5.4 csv injecti 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle critical patch update release tue jul 17th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana allows browser navigation without login cve-2018-8253 by cedric cochin mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mono-core suse-su-2016:2958-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avira misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks via securityaffairs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update irssi opensuse-2017-352' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google finally patches dirty cow linux vulnerability with december android security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reecerfcmufc200 our offer to upgrade to windows 10 for free has ended but you can still get windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 libvirt rhsa-2018:1929' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t me about your skepticism twitterpeeps take the man at his word for now amp see what happens i m no blind f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polarisoffice 2017 v8 remote code execution topic polarisoffice 2017 v8 remote code execution risk high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt briankrebs sf muni hacker from notes in farsi the is a huge network has 8 000 pcs mimikatz doesn t show me password or admin logi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers now hit mysql databases with ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ceph rhsa-2016:1384 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ransomware cripples ohio county government for days the licking county government offices including the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jfslowik infosec isn t all fun and games and some of our brothers and sisters in the field may come from rather harsh circ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e_kaspersky icymi here is a free app to limit windows 10 collecting your telemetry and send it to microsoft amp 3rd parties:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'back when i was a pre-teen a friends dad in our village the village police officer would take us into grimsby t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update sudo opensuse-2016-1343' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news pgi to set up uk-apac centre of security excellence in malaysia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter drupal up to 8.2.2 user password reset cache privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1482-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theakhilarya we re happy to hear it s resolved let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 glibc phsa-2018-1.0-0111 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webroot announces integration with brightgauge helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do i make my windows 10 computer run faster part 2 nobody wants to endure the frustration of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cabbagebrooksie hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alex_dao58 hi alex if google is normally your search engine amp suddenly it s not your browser may have malware t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new study unveils the most common password mistakes here s what you re doing wrong' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'escaping the whale things you probably shouldn t do with docker part 2 the post is part 2 of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeshreen95 we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'port 15454 oracle cpu venmo public api rediscovered podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bondzii we re glad you think so how has the rest of your windows experience been going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee mvision portfolio as a saas-delivered workspace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cat runs on debian happy birthday to debian project here s to 25 years and counting :' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poll do you use a password manager password managers are convenient affordable and essential to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 xmlrpc cesa-2018:1780' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8007 apache couchdb administrative users can configure the database server via http s due' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office buffy the vampire slayer adult coloring book' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt edin_o el salvador police using whatsapp facebook to run death squads' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability openssl padding oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you or your enterprise avoid counterfeitapps in the googleplaystore learn more about the fake whatsapp a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0177-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hardening windows 10 with zeroday exploit mitigations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacymatters hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with 16 bug fixes ahead of october 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle_africa education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. nelson mandela mandeladay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'databroker exactis databreach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1436-1 gosa security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e_rnst thanks owasp_ottawa for publishing the video of my talk on java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap security diagnostic tool unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mac malware uses old windows malware techniques' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache qpid broker for java certain authenticationproviders let remote users determine valid usernames on the targ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver abap remote authorization bypass vulnerability netweaver abap remote authorization bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 git 2018-080a3d7866 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component sponsor wall 7.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to check if aes-ni is enabled for openssl on linux xmodulo intel advanced encryption standard new instru' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1948:01 moderate ansible security and bug fix update an update for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is wamp how to use wordpress with wamp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers exits releasing another arsenal of tools to hack windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update openssh suse-su-2018:1989-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker at 4 the container revolution continues eweek four years ago few had heard about docker now it s o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwrhunterteam i don t know but the uk one has a warning on about passwords when you order.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity flash tops the exploit kits chart in 2016 again infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6519 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop by symantec s booth g23 at dockercon and try our lockbox game if you choose the right key you could win a n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gentilkiwi gentle reminder when you delete certificates on windows it does not delete associated private keys on the disk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwaremustdie _odisseus mac users enjoy findzip macos ransomware decryption tool is available online for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 memcached cesa-2016:2819' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers capitalizing on unpatched wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mechanicaldirk understood can you share the version and build number of windows your device is currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn windows process injection extra window bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2933 vulnerability in the oracle weblogic server component of oracle fusion middleware subcomponent wls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sultra cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiagovieira how exciting have you successfully installed windows 10 on your device we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securelyfitz congratulations your talk has been declined many of us have been disappointed or relieved by a rejection in the p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.6 alsa subsystem sound core pcm_lib.c snd_pcm_period_elapsed buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cortana software could help anyone unlock your windows 10 computer thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what why and how-to s of trackbacks and pingbacks in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:1777 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mortlock_14 that s rad are any windows apps or features helping you stay productive while you work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure re evading autoruns pocs on windows 10 infosec pentest redteam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update tiff opensuse-2016-1425 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smashing security 082 world cup cybersecurity crypto crashes and a bang of a password fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability note vu 962459 linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how hack instagram password by phishing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security updates for microsoft office viewer products office compatibility products july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday eon 5.0 sql injection vulnerability cve-2017-6088 webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saribotton hi sari we d like to help could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is working fine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google android usb directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snap a selfie oraclefreerides glides into vegas aws reinvent attendees ride in an oracle tesla request a ri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8814 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 kernel cesa-2018:2390 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 systemd phsa-2018-1.0-0116 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alex stamos facebook s chief of security is leaving the company facebook s chief security officer alex infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fantom ransomware windows update disguise a new ransomware called fantom has been discovered that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows exploitation tricks exploiting arbitrary object directory creation for local elevation of privilege' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2164-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off siteground get a free domain 3 hours left wordpress cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.x pipe.c privilege escalation exploit cve-2009-3547 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ten years ago browsers held no reputation data for downloaded binaries we had no site isolation we had no pinned' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp encryption vulnerable to snooping through security backdoor report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 13.0 13.1 13.37 14.0 14.1 14.2 current gnupg ssa:2018-170-01 nessus plugin id 110619' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looking forward to our startup panel with reggiebradford becky_sage drdavidglowacki and viettoannguyen oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daveleebbc the pbs licensing deals might prevent it i guess there s a similar thing with us tv shows abroad wher' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.1 updates for phpmailer flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft shares telemetry data collected from windows 10 users with 3rd-party' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'created by brandon amp hakobyans sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikegastin our site s geo-location filter must think you re located elsewhere clearing your browser cache can help with that.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5585 opentext documentum content server formerly emc documentum content server 7.3 when postgresql dat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm_y_emerson hi please email us at help wordpress.com and we can see what we can do to to assist you thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings unpatched wordpress flaw gives attackers full control over see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'buy and sell market place software sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0076 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin chained quiz 1.0.8 answer sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter another zero day bug found in windows versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php real estate property script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how well do you know your docker trivia find out with the quiz by jaxentercom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote microsoft windows dnslint.exe drive-by download exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'takhsiru wow what a throwback to windows 98 are you currently running windows 10 on your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla announces firefox lockbox a face id-compatible password manager for ios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what will gdpr mean for websites using nefarious web trackers such as browser fingerprinting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases security alert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner analyst aabelak shares 4 steps to prepare technical professionals for a docker container project' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thanks for including nessus we truly appreciate it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity apache servers under attack through easily exploitable struts 2 flaw infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fun fact over 27 of the web is powered by wordpress for more stats check out our blog data for breakfast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhba-2016:2961-1 red hat openstack platform 10 bug fix and enhancement advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huskysapphire we love the have you discovered any favorite features since making the switch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerable adobe extension downloads covertly to chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player apsb16-37 multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore it sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2090 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress wp google map plugin multiple sql injection security vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with retail-like updates microsoft has released windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple itunes lt 12.7.5 multiple vulnerabilities credentialed check nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt johnlatwc swiftonsecurity annddd .get-winevent logname microsoft-windows-ntlm operational _.id eq 8002 and _.ti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cultofnewmedia hi there a new version of chrome is now available that fixes the learn how to update here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8747 an information disclosure issue was discovered in apache tomcat 8.5.7 to 8.5.9 and 9.0.0.m11 to 9.0.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexia hi alexia thanks for reaching out after enabling the handler option in chrome settings open refresh your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:1949 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch apache struts 2 now hackers are exploiting a remote code execution zero-day in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.7 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel 4.7 denial of service vulnerability28 nov 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oneplus 6 smartphone flash override demoed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peaceman also you are missing the storage controller part hexdump of sd card which has a flash controller just l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajeetsraina that s amazing ajeet which projects are you working on with windows 10 iot core' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'festinmalefique we don t work with version number on that s only for the self-hosted wordpress software.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update bind on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 podman rhsa-2018:2037 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isis is watching you is hacking team shares access to security cameras around the word i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saadkhanqta great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle hospitality opera 5 property services 5.4.1.0 remote code execution vulnerability oracle hospitality opera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brunoborges want to learn java 8 lambdas and streams enroll for the oracle mooc right now oraclell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity credits john page aka hyp3rlinx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt btshell critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack latest world news headlines today infosec ddos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3726-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the smartercx team recently met with vikki kolbe svp of gbu cloud services oracle who helped explain the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft loves linux so much its onedrive web app runs like a dog on windows os rivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ticketmaster data breach australian customers alerted to reset passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officenews introducing real-time co-authoring in powerpoint on windows desktop learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm2b gsm wireless alarm system brute force issue packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdispnode::insertsiblingnode use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt weldpond get on an enterprise network by sending a fax to an hp officejet then exfiltrate documents by sending them via fax' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coinbase expands its operations launches an office in japan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libreoffice 6.1 released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter web inspiration gallery script 1.0.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 1.1 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why the cia s ios android and windows hack stockpile puts zero-day hoards in the spotlight' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component joomloc-lite 1.3.2 site_id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle solaris securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 exim4 vulnerability usn-3164-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithlovemovies i m confused earlier you said it works in ff on android now you say it doesn t you said it didn t work in chrome on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceektechnology we re so happy to hear it christopher are you enjoying any other recent enhancements to windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft edge to block flash by default infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen certificates from d-link used to sign password-stealing malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts libxcursor vulnerability usn-3729-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wimremes huh words fail me' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla dt register sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new google developer jaffathecake discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers that could allow remote attac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gines_tristan aw that s so kind thanks for being on team windows lt 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android phones are leaking sensitive user amp device data to apps via internal system broadcasts info can be used to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the beginner s guide to the dpkg command in debian-based linux distro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle sets all-time record with july critical patch update threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews beware office 365 users are being targeted using a simple yet effective technique which helps cybercriminals bypa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is trash in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ohmygaasch lucy jane is celebrating nationaldogday a few days early iamboise oracle netsuite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collection of 40 wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals lt lt lt thouosands in saving' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vu 245327 mcafee virus scan enterprise contains multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap is now hosting vms in its cloud just don t call it hana the paas plot is thickening with big data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'binary defense vision edr detects powershell macro executions and remote connections and within minutes our trained' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 patch rhsa-2018:2091' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charliefredroff gotcha please keep us posted on how things go we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wi-fi attack cracks wpa2 passwords with ease the common wi-fi security standard is no longer as infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 a lot less vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerdzruleearth excellent thanks for helping us make windows 10 the best version yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free ms13-0 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-07 dpkg arbitrary code execution nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nhs_scotland_rb oh no for more info on the we suggest you post your query on our chromebook central help forum.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realc1241 excellent let us know if you have any questions we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asustor data master adm detection nessus plugin id 111233 with info severity synopsis the web interface for a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt camillosperoni . hjosephfuster discusses how infosys offers innovative and differentiated solutions for oracle cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to enable digital signatures libreoffice documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi adobe flash provides six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash crashes and rogue algorithms the case for securing artificial intelligence feature by kevtownsend' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for august 24 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usb device descriptor local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsavalle not a concern in tor browser those cookies and other methods are contained then cleared.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deniss0k hi denis are you having issues with windows 10 we d love to help if we can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thecybersecexp quentynblog dcuthbert yeah the problem is in large companies people reuse passwords like they do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd p7zip null pointer dereference 48e83187-b6e9-11e6-b6cf-5453ed2e2b49 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barclalet thanks for the info we suggest reaching out to the chrome google forums for more specific help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adblocking and browser privacy can be bypassed researchers find' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how u.s intelligence agencies envision the world in 2035 networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution exploit cve-2018-12589 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi public service annoucement defacements exploiting wordpress vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3690-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ssd advisory oracle knowledge management xxe leading to a rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fenfawnix we d love to help answer any questions they have about windows 10 just have them reach out to us here.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business one cve-2018-2425 information disclosure vulnerability sap business one cve-2018-2425' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manutdfv thanks for sharing your excitement how has your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pagey_05 oh no check out the article for steps on how to repair chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to awsusergroups mo_mughrabi crtechllc devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenda adsl2 2 modem d820r unauthenticated remote dns change packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to efficiently manage post series in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realtegan excellent is there a specific price range you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5754 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in the office-web component in open-xchange ox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'traditional encryption not as effective as you have to decrypt that s why i like hpe s fpe. duncanwbrown hpediscover security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 962459 linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat cloudforms management app cve-2017-2653 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minecreatetime we like your style how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2290-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6817 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foreshadow security bug creates windows and linux systems vulnerability to launch cyberattacks here s more on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress rest api flaw used to install backdoors attackers have found a way to escalate the benign infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apricorn aegis secure key 3z hardware-encrypted flash drive 256-bit aes xts hardware encryption security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0001-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews check out password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches record 334 vulnerabilities in july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3690-1 amd microcode update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana cockpit cross site scripting vulnerability sap hana cockpit cross site scripting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity facebook says whatsapp security bug is normal risk but is it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity security fatigue or how i learned to overcome laziness and use a password manager infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac hunt evil with the brand new poster get it free here dive into threathunting amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5218 a sql injection issue was discovered in sagecrm 7.x before 7.3 sp3 the ap_documentui.asp web resource includes utilityfuncs.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brave browser address bar spoofing vulnerability ios android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome lt 55.0.2883.75 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 ding-libs sssd cesa-2018:1877 nessus plugin id 110647 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2016 updated on windows desktop with new features for insiders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux vulnerability could lead to ddos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adriabroaduk great is a self hosted wordpress site check out for help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nearly half of security pros reuse passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker tutorial getting started with dockerhub by infoworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen certificates from d-link used to sign password-stealing malware stolen certificates from d-link infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm security access manager lets local users view passwords stored in configuration files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed critical vulnerabilities in flash and shockwave adobe has fixed several critical issues infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq secunia research microsoft windows type 1 font processing vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft getting ready to launch windows 10 redstone 6 preview builds with windows 10 redstone 5 nearly infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1724-1 important gpg2 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity norwich university names george j silowash new chief information security officer forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday media search engine script search parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kupomorglin we re thrilled you re a fan which other features are you enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'word documents laced with malicious macros used to hack apple mac mac malware macro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the chinese spy or a dupe in the senator s office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update vim suse-su-2016:2938-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt campuscodi tokenvator a tool to elevate privilege using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamvikramkumar we thought so how has your day been vikram working on any cool projects with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers say goodbye leak a batch of windows hacking tools the shadow brokers a group of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'binary defense vision edr detects powershell macro executions and remote connections and within minutes our trained' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp encryption vulnerable to snooping through security backdoor report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5174 in the windows 10 april 2018 update windows defender smartscreen honors the see_mask_f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 1st 2018 wed aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tbroyles_music that s music to our ears which windows features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keeping people on their toes at the cisco umbrella office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install wordpress on your windows computer using wamp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you may want to update your browser in the next 9 days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'takas classified cogeigniter php classified ad script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3169-4 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunkliveldn defeating a phishing attack in 100 minutes infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4258-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-11 chromium multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corycachola edbott whatsapp closed an important security loophole by adding encryption to users chat backups stored in iclou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe sneaks a google chrome extension in latest security update to collect data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s headline broke someone s podcatcher' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scammers spreading celebrity nude pdfs on facebook pushing malware installation google chrome is one of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uber loses 900 million in second quarter urged by investors to sell off self-driving division' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-8651 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spring ing into the weekend spring oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee s new blockchain threat report charts a dramatic rise in cryptomining malware and details four major' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change the default gravatar on wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dean_dehart hi dean is there anything we can help you with on windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '90 per cent of the nhs is still relying on windows xp and a load of them say they ll keep using it in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 samba4 cesa-2018:1883 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ansvif 1.10 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server url normalization denial of service nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powerdns_bert fsdominguez there s a page of recommended heist books on my patreon vaults aren t broken into that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt synacktiv new technical write-up by fist0urs on how to perform a dma attack against a windows 10 workstation tpm-only bitlo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajsleeper hi there thanks for reaching out the article about sign in or out of your google chrome should help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riseatwork that is a self-hosted wordpress site and not on our servers so we re not able to help as we don t have any access to it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bendertubeog no worries you can check out the recovery options in windows 10 here you ca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5217 the extensions api in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55.0.2883.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityholmes cve-2018-11776 struts exploit released with explanation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change the sudo prompt in linux and unix ostechnix set custom sudo prompt messages in terminal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doctor_oxford one hopes we will not see a repeat of hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 libxml2 euleros-sa-2018-1156 nessus plugin id 110732 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a static front page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eric brown provides a rundown of opensource oses both linux and non-linux or iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fishchips1 hmm that s odd let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor virtual network tunneling tool 0.3.3.9 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hosselot details and exploit for linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation vulnerability cve-2017-1000' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat dc os windows denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrcoolboytv we re happy to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark launches sap certified privileged access security solution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s your favorite poweredbywordpress website our latest wpdiscover pick is quantamagazine which publishes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote apache couchdb arbitrary command execution metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evidence that the gandcrab ransomware is self-propagating via the windows smb exploit still remains to be seen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ndxcc thanks for trying chris chrome uses the device s inbuilt spell checker for mac can you double-check your device s lang settings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana remote authorization bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 soundtouch 2018-4197fff086 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'before you head to happy hour be sure to catch tedgary s talk managing exposures in ics scada networks at 5:15' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018-07-23 malspam using password-protected word docs continues to push ranomsware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'e_mendz you have a great list of apps which features on windows 10 are you using to plan your party' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt venturebeat mcafee and intezer find links among north korea s malware families' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3110 a vulnerability was discovered in the java vm component of oracle database server suppo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday medical clinic website script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbertling we re glad you re a fan jess have any other features caught your eye in windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq novel contributions to the field how i broke mysql s codebase part 2 cve-2016-5541 mysql infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0xcrypto googlechrome opera yeah definitely something we want to do in the future great idea jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'carolinesuse hi caroline the 2018 report was just released today so you might want to check that out for updated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt morganastra broke single payer healthcarewoke socialized polyclinic system vaccinating 80 percent of children against polio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the unheard of company behind the failed ubuntu tablet now aims for opensuse tablet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec designed by webridges sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.3 fcntl64 system call handler sys_oabi-compat.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avicinna_hanif hey hanif those are some great memories which features in the windows 10 april 2018 update are you enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. onapsis a cybersecurity vendor discovered a 13-year-old sap configuration flaw in netweaver systems discover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blizzard ending support for windows xp and vista blizzard announced over the weekend that it intends to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malspam with password-protected word documents tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14608 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows has a password protection option however the level of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details google chrome accessibility blink infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6817 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn hacking apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds with pcileech device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sgulphd that s a great device we re happy to hear it are you enjoying any specific features in windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just completed the lfs101x intro to linux through edx we ve got the next step for you apply for the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt difezza 0day vulnerability in tor browser that allows to deanonymize tor users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marekklanica that s great to hear are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp takes the fightback to phishing infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jason_fenty hmm try browsing the websites in incognito mode let us know if you re experiencing the same issue.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jeromesegura exploit kits spring 2018 review featuring rigek grandsoftek magnitudeek and greenflashsundownek.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion wordpress versions 4.9.6 and below suffer from an arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ctheisinger hey there how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ca-certificates 2018-ed35b82337 nessus plugin id 110273 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat dc 15.006.30201 os windows denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4233-1 bouncycastle security update it was discovered that the low-level' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator now available on aws mcafee announced the availability of mcafee epolicy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e_kaspersky icymi here is a free app to limit windows 10 collecting your telemetry and send it to microsoft amp 3rd parties:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday muviko video cms sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'verapetrovna email the activation key to us at help wordpress.com we will try and help if possible there s just' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'indianexpress for example the app requires access to flashlight contacts location external storage ..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge json.parse information leak packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isilon onefs uname detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338824 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foreverrboi hi there have you also tried these steps to get rid of any malware from google chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i discovered a browser bug vuln websec browsersecurity exploitdev pentest infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers warn of spigot browser hijacker pup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical bug opens millions of hp officejet printers to attack infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches 31 vulnerabilities flash zero-day under attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'variant of keypass trojan takes manual control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s show is brought to you by icebrgdotio they just got acquired by gigamon jason rebholz and justin wa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts gnupg2 vulnerability usn-3675-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trying to figure out the nature and nomenclature of microsoft s technologies that have windows defender and atp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-1328 the overlayfs implementation in the linux aka linux kernel package before 3.19.0-21.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache storm unspecified flaw lets remote authenticated users on a storm cluster execute arbitrary code as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'carlgrmis glad to hear it which other apps are you enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10901 a flaw was found in linux kernel s kvm virtualization subsystem the vmx code does not restore the g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet hailstorm the latest email spamming technique a new technique for sending email spam has become infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'old microsoft office flaws used to create backdoors steal files news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component booklibrary 3.6.1 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kennwhite if a rooted bitfi wallet playing youtube video of john mcafee explaining how it s unhackable doesn t win a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft issues 30 day warning for windows vista eol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you an office 365 admin here s how to mitigate a new attack that bypasses 2fa on windows systems:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3796-1 apache2 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly move wordpress from http to https beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cindy_lambrouil you can write to us in french and we will have a french speaking colleague get back to you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0391 denial of service vulnerability cisco prime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'binarybombshell we ll host your site for you too if you have your own wordpress installation .org instead of .com you ll need a host.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thebriandonohue million dollar idea two words baby wigs.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worried about windows file shares in the cloud a solution is here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to edit their comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts liblouis vulnerabilities usn-3669-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frugal_samurai oh no anything in the post revisions if not what s the site you need hel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 12.x lt 12.5.4 drag-and-drop feature guest-to-host code execution vmsa-2017-0005 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcoehoorn hi joel thanks for sharing how has your windows experience been going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats report spotlights innovative attack techniques cryptocurrency mining multisector attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2013-6282 local privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntp up to 4.2.8p9 on windows data structure denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay pwc sap ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service exploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at rsac the year chatelle_lynch discussed programs like mcafee explorers which is designed to help address the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver as java getuseruddielements sql injection vulnerability sap netweaver as java infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15491 a vulnerability in the permission and encryption implementation of zemana anti-logger 1.9.3.527' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues security patch update for actively exploited flashplayer zero-day vulnerability cve-2018-5002' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome now features site isolation to defend against spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.11 vfio_pci_intrs.c kzalloc buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kjhiggins starting the morning watching hackers hack voting machines and simulated election offices defcon26' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3162-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its der' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ftp injection flaws in java and python allows firewall bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin lt 1.3.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'world s first lip password utilizes a user s lip motions to create password scientists have invented a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0xdude hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-3684 sap download manager 2.1.142 and earlier uses a hardcoded encryption key to protect stored data whi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sage xrt treasury cve-2017-3183 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'codykirkpatrick we re glad to hear it which windows features are you currently enjoying' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle database server cve-2018-3110 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami tomcat7 tomcat80 alas-2018-1055 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '__omaribrahim hi omar is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shineelilfreak understood be sure to check out how to get office on your pc here let us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aid cve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8970 crypto algif_skcipher.c in the linux kernel before 4.4.2 does not verify that a setkey operation has' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'falco 0.11.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress google map plugin amp lt 4.0.4 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote microsoft windows 10 edge chakra.dll info leak type confusion remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 qemu-kvm cesa-2017:0083 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tylerlorence55 thank you for being a loyal windows user what have been your favorite changes or new features through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crowdshield zoomeye iot search engine cached login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua dvrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338823 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity electra for ios 11.0 11.3.1 is now open source mobilesecurity iossecurity by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2425 under certain conditions sap business one 9.2 9.3 for sap hana backup service allows an attacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday themeforest clone script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create compact archives in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking news cio personal password practices place thousands of uk businesses at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-9585 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2017-329' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud 3 ways to connect videoadvertising to the customerjourney via oraclemktgcloud baeason http' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scammers recently targeted bookingcom customers asking them to change their passwords in the wake of a supposed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt robgmacfarlane word of the day maneg ellyllyn lit the good people s glove a welsh name for the foxglove digitalis purpur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m watching somebody play the division on a laptop from 2010 it looks like a ps1 game.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jtsylve attrc i wrote a file system that fit into sqlite free space but i m not dealing with that code again th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp may let you recall sent messages and track friends location in realtime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq google forms wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kimsk hi there sounds like you re getting the most out of virtual desktops which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to turn off comment notifications in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof surely qualifies for a darwin-style award for a complete lack of password security awareness' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 cassandra libxml2 linux ruby phsa-2017-0029 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap travel management cross site scripting vulnerability sap travel management cross site infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'announcing new options for sql server 2008 and windows server 2008 end of support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.1 blind sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update roundcubemail opensuse-2016-1418' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joefairs hi again joe just following up with you did reinstalling google chrome help let us know we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jaredhaight are you a student who would wanted to attend pyrotek3 s and my modern windows attacks and defense class but miss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tspray17 are you suggesting windows is a good model to follow because i can show you 400 000 new malware sampl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anton_bane amazing are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component extra search 2.2.8 establename parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new pluralsight course modern browser security reports presently sponsored by do you desire peace of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hervemaas that s an excellent choice have you tried the continue on pc feature on your android device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mstackevicius thanks for confirming what version of chrome you re using to check type in chrome: version in th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 a security researcher has devised a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress multiple plugins remote file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome is under attack unknown malware affecting users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to turn off comment notifications in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp mobile phishing s newest attack target whatsapp skype sms phishing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you think compliance is expensive you should see non-compliance gdpr security hpediscover duncanwbrown' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fredy1o1 amazing how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle unveils oraclesoar a comprehensive cloud migration offering learn more on zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office the go-to platform for zero-day exploits 0day exploit microsoft office pentest infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '132 google play apps tried to infect android users with windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update dovecot22 opensuse-2016-1342' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches two-year old chrome bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat enterprise virtualization bugs in ansible component lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10562 iedriver is an npm wrapper for selenium iedriver iedriver versions below 3.0.0 download binary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7273 the graphics component in microsoft windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rootkit-based adware wreaks havoc among windows 10 users in the us security researchers from romania infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new office 365 phishing attack uses malicious links in sharepoint documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge chakra dictionarypropertydescriptor::copyfrom failed copy packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs the mcafee gti protected against 49m ____ per day in q1.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anomali amp flashpointintel discuss recent ddos attacks in upcoming webinar 12 9 2pm et register now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook unveils delegated recovery to replace traditional password recovery methods' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vaelhalla hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 kernel alas-2018-1046 nessus plugin id 111334 with medium severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'storm malware hits good weather app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to choose the best wordpress hosting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts zero-day vulnerability being exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6493 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest version of googlechrome will confuse visitors of websites that have ev ssl certificates the browser us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt flashpointintel it s our job to help customers mitigate risk not expose them to more risk. ceo josh lefkowitz in securityweek h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah part 1 reverse engineering password protected reverse shells linux x64 rev engineerin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fabionatalucci microsoft releases security updates for flash player but two disclosed flaws remain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3853 an exploitable use-after-free vulnerability exists in the javascript engine of foxit software foxit p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3676-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ukraine security service stops vpnfilter attack at chlorine station by kjhiggins vpnfilter ukraine scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ifdate social dating script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore time is power hurry quantumbreak is just 49.99 on windows store windows10 2017deals https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion topic wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion risk low text: exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'techhelplistcom sophos one for sophos that the linux tools are interesting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10969 sql injection vulnerability in the pie register plugin before 3.0.10 for wordpress allows remote att' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq joomla com_carocci component isbn parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2018-885 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1582-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada deprecated sha-1 certificates trip up sap ariba' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3552 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4minionia stats will appear there for a wordpress site you need a plugin like before you ll be able to see stats.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what drives linux guru wim coekaerts have fun build things people will use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mandriva fork mageia 5.1 lets users install the linux os on nvme-based drives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 jpeg 2000 file buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdpr a four-letter word with global ramifications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover new devices that light up windows10 the holiday season with options from hp dell lenovo amp asus:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i see 2k are forcing password resets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability spotlight multiple code execution vulnerabilities in oracle outside in technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paullyie we re glad you re a fan how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-148 critical security update for microsoft office 3204068 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday ti online examination system 2.0 admin password changer exploit webapps exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud we are very excited to be back at canneslions don t miss us at the campaign cabana amandajobbins is on a panel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karimof7 hi there thank you for the kind words which features in windows 10 are you enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the wordpress megahack that wasn t the auto-update server had a flaw now fixed that would have let infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec viscosity for windows 1.6.7 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nuuo nvrmini upgrade_handle.php remote command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd vlc use after free vulnerability dc57ad48-ecbb-439b-a4d0-5869be47684e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers claim chrome bug bounty paid to the wrong people yubico has been drawn into a rare public infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1389-1 apache2 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201807-03 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2017-0037 remote memory corruption vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac don t miss out on the latest windows forensics poster always free to the community don' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our top picks for docker amp k8s networking tools coreos projectcalico weaveworks bigswitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the bitfi6 wallet discussion with officialmcafee opens with him saying he intended to cause controversy to sell m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tsmc says variant of wannacry virus brought down its plants a shutdown over the weekend that equated to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt graham_euan bound to happen an assassination using vx nerve agent carried out in broad daylight in malaysia s main airport.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1397-1 php5 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zeroshell 3.6.0 3.7.0 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'northbankchris thanks for the info let s try opening the webpages after restarting your device amp relaunching chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the wordpress memory exhausted error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ptracesecurity 0-day in wordpress web api websec 0day exploit infosec ryancbarnett' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cormmc go to about:preferences and uncheck always check if firefox is your default browser does that help br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla 1.5 com_eventlist index.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yanquiuxo hi alexander the is due to the recent update on chrome we suggest you to send us feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-546' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt abesnowman in recognition of bitfi6 and officialmcafee and their prestigious pwnieawards accolades we d like to show you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'client for windows 2.0.1.11 privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1860:01 low samba security and bug fix update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to get started with dockercompose here s everything you need to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hzlweb sqli vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tahamirza30 excellent thanks for the update we re here if you have any more questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'london office for rapid cybersecurity advancement opens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ironkey d300 ultra durable usb flash drive with built-in encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3706-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt quentynblog there must have been 1 security person somewhere in the mists of time who though copy and pasting passwords is b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2017:0570-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5588 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obama can still boost transparency accountability before trump takes office infosec its' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dinosn presstemple breakingwpnews wordpress cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts openslp-dfsg vulnerabilities usn-3708-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newmark cms 2.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:1852 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bahcorp excellent choice which game mode do you regularly play the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ocaml opensuse-2018-559 nessus plugin id 110337 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts 2 vulnerability patch now thu mar 9th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rbrotz hello roger we invite you to reach out to the microsoft support page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero-day bug exposed on twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'registry keys blocking patches intel amt default password vmware ipv6 vulnerability lenovo switch podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug triggered errors on websites using symantec ssl certificates networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday july 13th 2018 fri jul 13th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat patches important security vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newest linuxfoundation platinum member hitachiglobal expands commitment to open source' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update ucode-intel suse-su-2018:1661-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4223-1 gnupg1 security update nessus plugin id 110422 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2018-7-23-5 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 bind shell shellcode 51 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mer_b_19 and the wordpress installation are 2 different things see here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security blog sap hana security evolution from sps08 to now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'th3kingslay3r ah okay have you already tried the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamewolfforeal we suggest learning how to check which windows operating system you are running here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brits think broadband more important than mobes cars or savings yet interweb access is still crap for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-10134 sql injection vulnerability in zabbix before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new flash zero-day exploit bypasses browser infects via office documents instead' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off siteground get a free domain limited time deal wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases security updates for flash player original release date june 07 2018 adobe has released security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 local privilege escalation fortinet forticlient version 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your pc display now on your tv no cable needed learn how windows10 works harder here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nelsonthekinger thanks for the warm words nelson how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday january 13th 2017 fri jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how infosec institute alum val vask stays current on pentesting amp scada standards val vask is the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup django development environment on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday august 7th 2018 tue aug 7th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows insider build 15055 released for pc and mobile today microsoft released insider preview build infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress up to 4.6.0 upgrade package uploader class-file-upload-upgrader.php file_upload_upgrader urlholder direc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add specific posts to wordpress navigation menu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. gregkh shares learnings from the 2016 linux kernel development report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'welcome new lf deep learning foundation members ciena didichuxing intel orange and redhat and congratulati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'machine learning beyond the buzzword' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap cyber threat intelligence report august 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking white house should lead broad cybersecurity effort panel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it shocks me that we are still seeing devices that have passwords of 12345 abcdef or password as the default pass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brimmy21 glad to hear everything s updated are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cross-site scripting in magic fields 1 wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons the is stock retail raspbian nothing added exc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5711 netapp virtual storage console for vmware vsphere before 6.2.1 uses a non-unique certificate which' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle . oraclecloud containers serverless and kubernetes at dockercon 2018 dockercon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2317-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0098 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.5.7 gre denial of service vulnerability the ip stack in the linux kernel before 4.6 allows remote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkhydrus targets government agencies with malicious word attachments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password managers vulnerable to insider hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 singularity 2018-02051f8300 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news whatsapp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes report claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:1777 nessus plugin id 110279 with high severity synopsis the remote red h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component joomloc-cat 4.1.3 ville parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extortion with password npm package malware circl imap proxy banking malware podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3738-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out jlwallen s latest linux distro review the simple yet solid duzeru os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open source real-estate script viewpropertydetails.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riding high after a week at bhusa thanks to all the ilovenessus enthusiasm from our dedicated customers you guy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libraw 2018-388847c0de nessus plugin id 110627 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 ncurses phsa-2018-2.0-0074 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mc smart shop sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eff eff welcomes the move by chrome and we are calling on other browsers to follow suit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update apache2 suse-su-2017:0797-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9806 race condition in the netlink_dump function in net netlink af_netlink.c in the linux kernel before 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel bug in cipso_v4_optptr lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citysheart hi lee what happens when you re trying to launch chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee must be misrepresenting his wealth if he s going on fan cruises.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2823-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tanmayg windows defender atp edr functionality for windows 7 and windows 8.1 is now in public preview here is how to onboa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.8 maintenance release' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tweejoe hey there have you successfully installed windows 10 we re here to help if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec created by brandon amp hakobyans sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stacijaime we asked for the site s address not the email address try resetting the password using the username' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view client detection linux nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libcgroup opensuse-2018-821 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'didithardworker thanks for being so kind how is your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7292 the installer in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and r2 sp1 windows 7 sp1 win' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins could expose online shoppers on black friday and cyber blackfriday word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel net rds recv.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 32:bind 2018-90f8fbd58e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle sets all-time record with july critical patch update july s critical patch update addresses 334 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for the second time the year adobe has issued an emergency fix to address a zero-day flaw in flash player that s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hanspeterholzer what are those snort rules for what ports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14613 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress quiz and survey master 4.7.8 4.5.4 xss csrf vulnerabilities 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip no flux capacitor timeline keeps track of what you re up to across devices so you can go back in tim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scanning open ports in windows part 3 nmap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edparnell we re glad you re enjoying it ed how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 resteasy-base cesa-2016:2604' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theacademy the academy and the linuxfoundation are proud to announce the academy software foundation a neutral forum for ope' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new samsam ransomware variant requires password from hacker before execution researchers at malwarebytes infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 plugin answer sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt computerweekly . mcafee cyberattackers are increasingly moving away from traditional malware to using trusted windows executabl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix rmsock lets local users obtain potentially sensitive kernel memory contents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware carries valid digital signatures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts file vulnerabilities usn-3686-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201807-04 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripwireinc 11 common tools for your devops team via dmbisson w ansible docker chef jenkinsc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer object memory handling and validation flaws let remote users execute arbit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news whatsapp backdoor what is wrong in the last claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arbo0y we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google engineering lead on lessons learned from chrome s https push google engineering director parisa infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress themes qualifire file upload vulnerabilty csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 gnupg2 libgpg-error 2018-84fdbd021f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 xmlrpc rhsa-2018:1780 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt yonatanzunger when designing a technology one of the important threat models to plan for is how it might be misused in abusive r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a good table from the iconews on article 13 and 14 regards the provision of information to data subjects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'showmecon 2018 josh rickard s securing windows with group policy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we are happy to announce that all of the votes are in we have two officer positions filled and four department coo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader dc windows execute code vulnerability adobe acrobat reader dc windows execute code vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benjammingh i think i know why you can t sleep bro you re wondering why you ate cat food.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hasherezade honesty is an unknown word unfortunately for most of the people if they don t want to invite you for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5972 the tcp stack in the linux kernel 3.x does not properly implement a syn cookie protection mechanism' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analyzing the sap june 2018 security patch day securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brucedawson0xb i m not seeing anything on that site so it could be malware in the browsers on the reporters devices themselves.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network flash exploit found in seven exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xmaydogx got it occasionally updates to chrome or other software can change the behavior of how items are rendere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stored cross-site scripting in gallery image gallery wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adimike55 got it could you also try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is working fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343888 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cnoanalysis robertmlee dragosinc threatmodeling linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open mongodb database exposes mobile games money laundering operation the us department of justice infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diversity in the cybersecurity was on the agenda when we spoke with grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thedarktangent yes it was critical to have a uniform car before there were highways cars broke down all over the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-151 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3205651 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dakacki quiet_con was an excellent way to end the evening i m grateful to the organizers for making it a reality conside' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent time with jkouns amp carsten at rvasec last time the 3 of us were on a roof it was the hangover hotel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nickisonlinet we re so glad you re enjoying timeline you can see all the new features in the windows 10 april 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'preetbharara billbrowder looking forward to listening to the agreed preetbharara is a great interviewer and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5547 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2017-5547 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft silently fixes kernel bug that led to chrome sandbox bypass microsoft appears to have silently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday viral image amp amp video sharing gagzone script sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eclipse vert.x 3.5.1 http header injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aeppert anyone looking for bro_ids scripting training look to networkdefense and i am aways loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity january patch tuesday sparse before windows security updates change infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla appointmentbookingpro 4.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa-linked doublepulsar implant now works on windows embedded' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arturodicorinto thehackersnews hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox zero-day can be used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how webroot uses machine learning to maximize protection for msp clients' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada patched tor browser vulnerability puts users identity at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mythemeshopteam securitynewsbot wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scalable anonymous disposable desktops that are accessible through tor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 freeipa 2018-39051f69b7 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter image and video script search.php term sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'professorhines hi kenneth thanks again for your awesome feedback on windows 10 we d love to quote you can you dm us for more info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclelinux watch stories about how oracle is changing lives around the world oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct shadowbrokers nsa malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'of course the vision system will be based on ml so if you can cyber the backend and get their training data weig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slabakbg hmm let s try clearing browsing data amp then restart the device also do you se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bsides lisbon 2016 tiago carvalho s lightning talk password profiling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vimivimals thanks for the love vimal how long have you been a windows fan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee opens advanced threat research lab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-7200 an ssrf issue was discovered in openstack an ssrf issue was discovered in openstack glance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera foreignobject textnode::removechild use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8378 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when microsoft office software reads out of bound memo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq admin custom login wordpress plugin affected by persistent cross-site scripting via logo url field bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7279 ms16-144 microsoft internet explorer browser remote code execution 3204059 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 xen ovmsa-2016-0171' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nocturne524 hey there let s get the sorted out what version of windows are you currently using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isitbroke hi phil we will make a note of the and will forward your feedback to our product engineering team let' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '90 percent of it pros worry about password reuse and 94 percent have implemented two-factor infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best wordpress ecommerce plugins compared 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 2:cri-o 2018-320cb9d7fb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla os property 3.0.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gsora how are you going to flash the encrypted system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.0.2 denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 95 running milling machines machines that cut through metal oh boy.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos windows 10 desktop bridge virtual registry cve-2018-0880 incomplete fix privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jayden18101976 great thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you deal with work emails after office hours thursdaythoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability topi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress image slider 1.1.41 1.1.89 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dashlane 6 adds dark web monitoring to its password manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 jpeg decoder heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to like or dislike comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chainedrebel if you have a self-hosted wordpress site please post in their forums we don t control that version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why can t i add or install plugins in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2017:0270' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imxpatrik hello thanks for reaching out let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to make a small business website using wordpress step by step 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arch anywhere iso lets you install a fully custom arch linux system in minutes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp operations orchestration 10.x lt 10.70 wsexecutionbridgeservice servlet java object deserialization rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanzana_xo what s going on we d love to help improve your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pandasgoingwild okay have you tried using the windows game bar to record any epic game play clips' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gandcrab v4.1 in the wild first windows xp and server 2003 impacting ransomware smb worm gossithedog ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap are still sending out begging gdpr emails' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco adaptive security appliance path traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate list of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9754 local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-9754 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s samaritan refuses help to hackers doing win 10 recon samri10 script hides the creds infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logitech announces apple-designed powered wireless charging stand for iphone 8 iphone 8 plus and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'immunity debugger 1.85 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts curl vulnerability usn-3710-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity ios-apfs-persistence-exploit a 0day exploit for umanghere apfs bug by pwn20wnd mobilesecurity iossecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rycarflareshine we love having loyal windows users like you what have been your favorite changes or new features over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eventslf register for vault linux storage amp filesystems conference by feb 4 and save 200 learn more at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0x4ndr3 bind and reverse shell js code generator for server side javascript injection ssji in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrkuchmak we re happy to hear your device is running smoothly are you enjoying any features in the windows 10 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3743-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle java se 7u121 8u112 libraries unknown vulnerability cve-2016-5549' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0x09al no problem its a great idea worth sharing i tried to modify the code to use ie instead of chrome no luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows doubleagent attack turns av tools into malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-3492 remote security vulnerability oracle mysql cve-2016-3492 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s a fun list pctechauthority presents the top ten password-cracking techniques used by hackers:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a weightwatchers exposure was caused by a kubernetes administration console not being password-protected but the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jelebal we re happy to hear your device is running smoothly which windows 10 features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel path_openat function use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update ntp suse-su-2018:1765-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stacer a linux system optimizer you ve been waiting for fossmint stacer is one such app created to better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter arfitech sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-2935 the broker application in ibm bigfix remote the broker application in ibm bigfix remote co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdormann it looks like today s update for the flash vulnerability cve-2018-5002 introduces a new prompt before loading remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how g suite and docusign help real estate brokers close deals faster g suite helps teams cut through infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm kenexa lcms premier on cloud password weak encryption cve-2016-5950' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the desire to buy more books than you can ever read is so universal there s a japanese word for it tsundoku' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is rolling out new cumulative updates for windows 10 8.1 and 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami ant alas-2018-1047 nessus plugin id 111338 with high severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for july 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt naturalistnc the word megalodon means big tooth how big were teeth from the extinct species of shark for comparison here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kx selected by broadbridge networks to power its cybersecurity platform kx announces that its kx infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews dailymotion advises password change after possible data breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0457-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snowden bats for criminal action against misuse of aadhaar data a former united states secret agency cia infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neeisha howdy looks like that site is using the wordpress software being hosted godaddyhelp.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk denies customers wi-fi passwords were stolen from faulty routers in cyberattack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1411-1 tiff security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3708-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_7_0-openjdk opensuse-2016-1357' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-132 trend micro safesync for enterprise displayname_get sql injection information disclosure vuln zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb update t-mobile now says encrypted passwords were compromised in latest data breach.we obtained a sample of o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gossithedog operant java is a surprise how did they get an entry vector' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3733-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel arch x86 kvm vmx.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slabakbg appreciate your efforts amp feedback could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1531-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patent trolls of microsoft and ericsson are trying to tax everything especially linux devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot search engine zoomeye cached passwords for tens of thousands of dahua dvrs when it comes to the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linuxfoundation s greg olson to host an enterprise strategy lfwebinar on 1 26 details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6670 external entity attack vulnerability in the epo extension in mcafee common ui cui 2.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberdefensemag cyberdefensemag publisher miliefsky shares an excellent white paper from exabeam on the state of your soc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft s windows red team keeps pcs safe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cisco s webex chrome plugin will execute evil code install malware via secret magic url' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center hhs offers tips on mitigating ddos risks inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.x remote code execution vulnerability cve-2018-11776 remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to prevent youtube oembed from overriding your wordpress content' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fail fast fix fast foster innovation with an automated production-like mysql database part ii' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'afeqaazli hi afeqa what happens when you launch chrome let us know more about the issue we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q amp a oreillymedia s mikehatora interviews our kyork20 on the value we re bringing to oracle and customers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bartblaze nginxorg gn3mes1s wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7276 microsoft office 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 office 2013 sp1 office for mac 2011 and office 2016 fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot security spend to reach 6 billion by 2023 helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers claim chrome bug bounty paid to the wrong people nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-5669 the do_shmat function in ipc shm.c in the linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq joomla com_fidecalendar component aid parameter sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google claims site isolation will stop spectre haunting chrome users theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge to disable flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for ransom a mysterious hacker is breaking into unprotected mongodb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hazeldc11 thank you to our oracleretail customer adidas for opening up your stores for our guests here in nyc xstore nrf17 https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla soccer bet 4.1.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn css keylogger chrome extension and express server that exploits keylogging abilities of css' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unbound cache-only dns server setup on rhel 7 linux linuxconfig unbound is a validating recursive and cach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter git for windows 2.13.x lt 2.13.7 2.14.x lt 2.14.4 2.15.x lt 2.15.2 2.16.x lt 2.16.4 2.17.x lt 2.17.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps sendroid 5.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-azure vulnerabilities usn-3678-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt glytchtech thegrugq there s lots of ways to trip up ml computer vision based things often simply doing something in a way' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan for linux vulnerabilities gave hackers root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out first-ever word macro malware for apple mac os discovered in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook helps woman track down her brother s killer after 37 years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter in-the-wild exploits ramp up against high-impact sites using apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core pcm_lib.c local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecedge our laurentgil keynoted the oracle innovation summit in tokyo where he explained the value a secure edge brings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edgetip it s easy to import your favorite sites from other browsers learn how to do it with just two clicks:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday august 6th 2018 mon aug 6th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'noncreature0714 hmm interesting are you able to identify the last windows update that was successfully installed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome s webusb feature leaves some yubikeys vulnerable to attack wired infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fadzc we appreciate that you ve noticed fadzai how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'treed1919 understood try exporting all your bookmarks to an html file before signing into the chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt inq windows 7 s impending eol triggers windows 10 charm offensive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook sounds great do you have an ideal screen size in mind for a new laptop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation feature by default for chrome desktop users thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update spice suse-su-2017:0392-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seagullmouse hi again matthew just wanted to check is chrome working fine on your device keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the windowsstore countdown collection sale is on save up to 30 on games apps movies music amp more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news chrome bug triggered errors on websites using symantec ssl certificates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities adobe flash player infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:1191' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2850-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hpe officeconnect 1810 series switch has unspecified flaw that lets local users obtain potentially sen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security cve-2016-9014 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8207 a directory traversal vulnerability in climonitorreportservlet in the brocade network advisor versio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 file 2018-b5de855e94 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft powerpoint products august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle quarterly critical patches issued july 17 2018 rss generated with fetchrss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting mc myit java system solutions sso plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issued security patches for recently discovered spectre and meltdown issues securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pourmecoffee broccoli coffee scientists create new way to eat more greens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-24 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iphone hacking campaign using mdm software is broader than previously known thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1607 gain privileges vulnerability windows 10 1607 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new news wrap up mike_mimoso zpring brokenfuses discuss trump sha1 deprecation whatsapp carbanak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel chip flaw math unit may spill crypto secrets to apps modern linux windows bsds immune mitigations are i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle webcenter portal cve-2018-3101 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tech_lillium some sweet cookies to top the great event oracleglobalemployeesummit oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity trump questions quest for cybersecurity no computer is safe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news trump cybersecurity order morphs into 2 200-plus-word extravaganza' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-149 important security update for microsoft windows 3205655 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarejake thanks for the kind words jake' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows xp still widespread among healthcare providers sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hack wifi password easily using new attack on wpa wpa2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reggiebradford read ovum s report on how oracle s global startup program is benefiting not just startups but our customers and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libjpeg-turbo vulnerabilities usn-3706-1 nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat developer discovers simpler way to crack wpa2 wireless passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to srita_karen attritionorg perfimperfct wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermata are you currently having trouble installing windows updates we d like to learn more.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out all live hosts ip addresses connected on network in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ltlpwl we love your support paul how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cert tells microsoft to keep emet alive because it s better than win 10 s own security vuln seeker saus infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp hack shows that even encryption apps are vulnerable in a browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lukasstefanko google should ban flash player apps from store.there are 20 fake apps that get 350k installs only in 3 months fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component spider faq lite 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt normative the article is just weird i assume the basic facts are correct someone in the ig s office spotted something in h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using xaas for your business then you need one of these multifactor authentication apps the password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actively exploited struts flaw affects cisco products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new chrome extension alerts users to hacked sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrchrisbee we love your excitement chris how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts openjdk-7 vulnerability usn-3735-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'detecting lateral movements in windows infrastructure windows pentest dfir hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apachetomcat patches important security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tiraniddo new blog post on how microsoft edge circumvents network isolation features in place since windows 8 to access local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news how to keep branch offices as secure as corporate hq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthewwarren if you like learning about .net internals here s a few talks presentations i ve watched that you might also like.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awesomestriker those apps are definitely worth dancing for are there any features that have helped you stay organized on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam what s up with the porn bots that in past days tweeting 4-5 random english words only' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows .library-ms information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3199-1 python crypto vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passages secure virtual browser for malware isolation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kfc website hacked colonel s club loyalty scheme members advised to change password call in the colonel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8249 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when internet explorer improperly accesses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5315 debian_linux libtiff' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_8_0-openjdk suse-su-2018:1690-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a flash zero day a dna site breach and more security news the week wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7073 a local arbitrary file modification vulnerability was identified in hpe moonshot provisioning manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 libgd2 vulnerabilities usn-3213-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'josh wood from platinum sponsor redhat will present a keynote on friday at ossummit in vancouver:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.11 vfio_pci_intrs.c kzalloc buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dailymotion hack leaks emails passwords of 87m users the video sharing website dailymotion admitted infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_basg we re happy to hear it how is your overall windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'puncharama let s see if we can help christopher can you tell us which version of windows you re currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 24th 2018 tue jul 24th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2016-1410' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2017-286' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1815 nessus plugin id 110406 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt troyhunt some very cool news for haveibeenpwned we re baking it into firefox and 1password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password check required not so fast phishing email password alerts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins could expose online shoppers on black friday and cyber blackfriday word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display custom website content based on the user s browser request using apache mod_rewrite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity have you ever had a yahoo account you might want to change some passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onssi ocularis recorder installed nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ukftweets is your device safe for online shopping buysafepaysafe: use https and ssl protocols when browsing over the int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle aims to rewrite the rules for enterprise service and support cloud via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recorded future receives splunk certification we re thrilled to announce that our recorded future add-on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasite http rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to half_creative wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm tivoli storage manager hsm on windows password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a researcher was able to reverse engineer the toshiba flashair sd storage card and execute remote code he showed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel names window snyder as chief software security officer intel apple microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macbooks leak disk encryption password apple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15424 insufficient policy enforcement in omnibox in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.84 allowed a remote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin comments import amp export lt 2.0.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-731-1 imagemagick security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june patch tuesday flash microsoft amp spectre please see below commentary in response to the month s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 's_njpg_s we thought so too how have you been enjoying windows ovverall lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3139-1 vim vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poppymaelangxxx welcome to the windows family we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bambino0710 chrisegg gn3mes1s wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability type vulnerability a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'filbypott what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7464 it was found that the jaxp implementation used in jboss eap 7.0 for sax and dom parsing is vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 mysql elsa-2017-0184' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zxspectrom rc2014 generated mandelbrot z80 basic ascii ansi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco web security appliance l4 traffic monitor bypass nessus plugin id 110535 with high severity syn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fatal flaw found in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bad_packets volexity i looked at that but i suspect it is a failed campaign it doesn t work against the struts3 showcase.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable theregister security hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on the theft and reuse of advanced offensive cyber weapons d1 shadowbrokers cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10153 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 bindutils krb5 ruby sudo zlib phsa-2017-0021 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce joomla com_blog_calendar sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 thunderbird alas-2018-1061 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6874 use after free local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brainstorming online business ideas consider these eight options' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 python35 2018-04d49a1804 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'small amount of password data stored in plaintext pageup says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter packet storm new exploits for july 2018 the archive contains all of the 162 exploits added to packe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt udoenisa udoenisa opens the cyber conference chcyber discussing cyber risks to critical national infrastructure while addr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343909 windows 10 version 1803 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity prosecutor s office paid about 1400 in bitcoin as ransom to free its network forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 kb4100347 intel cpu update causing boot issues amp pushed to amd users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paullomax neil_neilzone they avoid that word you represent and warrant without limiting anything in these term' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nyasirwa we love having fans like you we re always here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian released security updates for july and fixed multiple package vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb obtain information vulnerability mongodb obtain information vulnerability28 dec 2016 summary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dawniellerene thanks for the info try updating chrome to the latest version on mac let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exilezavier how d it go zavier we d love to hear your experience with windows 10 so far.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 child process restriction mitigation bypass exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for june 13 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s a dangerous new cybercrime law in egypt it enables broad censorship comprehensive surveillance it v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the history of wordpress from 2003 2018 with screenshots' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit topic oracle weblogic server deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15876 an issue was discovered in the ajax-bootmodal-login plugin 1.4.3 for wordpress the re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tests reveal the best antivirus to clean up an infected windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taken advantage of our cybermonday discount 179 for bundles or 299 for linux certs prep courses free t-shirt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'il_tempe hey matteo how are you enjoying windows 10 we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt suse linux creator linus torvalds shares some of his secrets to success in building successful opensource projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq joomla com_jdownloads component cid parameter sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1809-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xenokovah something you can t do from the gui that you can do from cli is set it so that it asks for the password every boo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ruffytrey thank you trey have any windows features been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ilikemu we re glad to hear your device is running smoothly how has your overall windows 10 experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt grandpants040 windows finally did my april 2018 update great stuff love it timeline focus dictation to name a few total' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deleting your online dna data is brutally difficult a reporter s effort to erase her genetic footprint gets snared' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimvujo hi jim can you please tell us what s going on we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-009 critical security update for microsoft windows pdf library 4010319 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:rubygem-sinatra 2018-0b17e1e529 nessus plugin id 110667 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-2873 sql injection vulnerability in ibm qradar siem sql injection vulnerability in ibm qradar s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cert disputes microsoft on windows 10 security without emet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news after mongodb ransomware groups hit exposed elasticsearch clusters' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump and kim usb fan raises eyebrows vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup latest oracle openjdk on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kstraussstudios what a great feeling how are you enjoying windows so far kyle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can graphical passwords keep us secure online news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kangaroo ransomware locks you out of windows aside from encrypting your files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft doubts raised over microsoft s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manohar56790 thanks for the compliment which version of windows are you currently using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erdempulcu hi erdem visit the chrome help center to learn more about getting rid of unwanted ads pop-ups amp malw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aarrondupuis that s excellent aarron let us know if you have any questions with the setup we re always just a tweet away' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office unicorn crossing tin sign behold a unicorn approacheth if your life is filled with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'htwheelsgluguns please email us regarding the site help wordpress.com thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6345 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity find out what your web browser is telling websites about you infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-18 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a browser bug in google chrome has been discovered that lets bad actors uncover private data stored on facebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to backup amp restore wordpress sites with updraftplus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1656 the ibm java runtime environment s diagnostic tooling framework for java dtfj ibm sdk java techno' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to track links in wordpress using google analytics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 plugin csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update imagemagick opensuse-2018-598 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hola vpn s chrome extension hacked to target myetherwallet users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alfonzowords sorry for the delayed response the should now be fixed would you be able to try reloading the image search thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java des' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find vulnerabilities in whatsapp that allow to spread fakenews via group chats securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fjtorres oracle s internal employee summit is happening now celebrating how we re changing lives around the world.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux zinc introduce minimal cryptography library' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update time google has released chrome version 67.0.3396.87 for windows mac amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'announcing the oracle internetintelligence map' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk attacker used whatsapp firm must help police get access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malcomvetter the weeks offensive c templates a windows service that cannot be stopped in the service manager:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln red hat jboss bpms cve-2016-6343 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284819 windows 10 version 1709 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110485 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8414 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when the windows shell does not properly va' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top linux developers recommended programming books' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability in cortana now patched allowed attacker to access a locked computer change its password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7754 the aoedisk_debugfs_show function in drivers block aoe aoeblk.c in the linux kernel through 4.16.4rc4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to poftut bambino0710 cleverplugins wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to credit multiple authors co-authors for posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashpoint launches ransomware response amp readiness service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 11.2.202.635 linux execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux percpu race condition race conditions exist on percpu refcounts on struct mount' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hello twittersupport your mutted words filter doesn t work thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fancy__04 abusing native windows functions for shellcode execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of stolen passwords for netflix hbo hulu and more discovered for sale on darkweb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity top story google chrome scam continues to spread watch out for the fake pop-up warning infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security brother and sister arrested for spying on italian politicians for years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 32:bind 2016-605fd98c32 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 firefox rhsa-2016:2946' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm sterling connect up to 4.5.00 4.5.01 4.6.0.6 ifix008 4.7.0.3 on windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps upworthy clone script 1.1.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password encrypted word file patch lastpass nestcam dos podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update memcached on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel chip flaw math unit may spill crypto secrets to apps modern linux windows bsds immune infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'astro_wflan looks like you re enjoying windows spotlight images have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 flash-plugin rhsa-2018:2175' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday december 1st 2016 wed nov infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to take vehicle cybersecurity further than the government suggests by brucebrownnc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to disable most flash content in its edge browser following in the footsteps of other major infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kid_wolfe actae0n joernchen yes though i d change the wording the industry has changed but the sentiment is b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2016-7890 unspecified security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode windows x64 download amp execute shellcode 358 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity channel m amp a sirius computer solutions acquires continuum worldwide for security splunk infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 6 7 java-1.6.0-sun rhsa-2017:0177' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epo platform gains insight into threat research by christiaan beek mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 ipsilon cesa-2016:2809' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lubiie howdy it sounds like you have a self hosted wordpress site what is the url' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'team oracle did it approx times 2:47 and 3:13 at the escapealcatraztri congrats for a great result' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bcrypt the is amazing a popular extension metamask_io reported a scam version of their extension in the chrome web st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frazzling excellent are you enjoying any other apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress limolabs 1.0.0 remote password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zealot campaign how is the apachestruts vulnerability used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln libevent multiple security vulnerabilities enterprise linux 7redhat enterprise linux 6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we ve patched a serious vulnerability in our windows endpoint protection products it sucks to have vulns but we r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft core privilege escalation march 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox 0day used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel now supports vulkan on windows 10 pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress wp_ajax_update_plugin function information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brocade network advisor up to 14.0.2 dashboardfilereceiveservlet directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karinamikhli hmm can you enable crash reporting so the info gets sent directly to our team if chrome crashes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update wireshark suse-su-2018:2412-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new android trojan appears as fake flash player update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3725-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress contact form maker plugin multiple security bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript attack breaks aslr on 22 cpu architectures five researchers from the vrije university in the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortimanager lt 6.0.2 information disclosure vulnerability fg-ir-18-016 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday january 12th 2017 thu jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps logostore sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows defender atp s advanced hunting using flexible queries to hunt across your endpoints microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'binary defense vision edr detects powershell macro executions and remote connections and within minutes our trained' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.1 14.2 current mozilla-thunderbird ssa:2016-336-02 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix xenserver lets remote authenticated administrator users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress limolabs 1.0.0 remote password disclosure vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how the federal government could lead by example in cyber insurance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt winsmith99 torproject tor is such a superb browser it has enabled so many people i know to keep connected in difficult situ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:2387 foreshadow spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft powerpoint file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhsa-2016:2923-1 moderate openstack-cinder and openstack-glance security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cobbr_io you ve heard of the powershell download cradle how about a .net assembly download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin job post confirms windows core os is all about devices a new job posting on linkedin has given infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aamirbarry it s awesome to see how windows helps our users thanks for sharing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 deployments don t secure themselves find out how to resolve that at 11am gmt today live infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2018:1820-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7782 sql injection vulnerability in sql injection vulnerability in framework core models expcon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in technology cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache kafka cve-2018-1288 security bypass vulnerability apache kafka cve-2018-1288 security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer to run shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside the chinese-hacking underground the experts at flashpointintel know how to identify amp characterise the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'created by brandon amp hakobyans sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'write fast apps with pronghorn a java framework' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reg readers vent their frustrations with afa vendors not everything in the all-flash garden sparkles as infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'world first police 3d security scanner sword a smartphone app with facial recognition that can a detect a carri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity jordanian police storm castle free tourists operation continuing securi infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bare metal and virtual machine provisioning through foreman server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe patches 42 flaws in reader acrobat flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 sssd and ding-libs rhsa-2018:1877' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities retired infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2018-7-9-7 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows task scheduler alpc interface local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday logostore sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the past week in open source news now compiled in the linuxdotcom news digest feat.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with the website provided to press and public they ve since changed the wording of the security audit section' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter navis webaccess 2016-08-09 execute codesql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows .library-ms information disclosure vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 bind9 vulnerabilities usn-3172-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use debian want intel s latest cpu patch small print sparks big problem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt carlynyst the is a cool position senior research officer surveillance practices at uni_of_essex s hrbdtnews project' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-1251 there is a vulnerability of type use-after-free affecting dbd::mysql aka dbd-mysql or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'previously disclosed flaws found in broadcom s wi-fi controllerchip are now believed to affect lenovothinkpads l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.19 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4247-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'themezzalafm hi again just checking in is gmail working fine on google chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8webcom cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gods10rules windows do you have permission to write files in that folder also we can t read the error message.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3145-2 linux kernel trusty hwe vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update x window system client libraries opensuse-2016-1420' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'murrayzz hi maurice the is due to the recent update on chrome feel free to send us feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt algoritmic excel unusual the home of the most unique microsoft excel animated spreadsheets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial vulnerabilities usn-3234-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'organizations leave backdoors open to cheap remote desktop protocol attacks by john fokker mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivpn client for windows 2.6.6120.33863 privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off bluehost wordpress hosting get a free domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3243-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take linux from zero to boot in less than a second some of us don t mind waiting for a computer to boot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new attack named voracle demonstrated by a security researcher at bhusa and defcon can recover http traffi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1441-1 sympa security update nessus plugin id 111313 with high severity synopsis the rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung places a big bet on quantum-dot tv acquires qd vision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14607 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows in a client server configuration transf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jepaynemsft secbughunter christopherbudd msftsecresponse office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jrss moving to cloud windows 10 pentagon s joint regional security stacks is on track to reduce the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clone of oddee script 1.1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syed_dawoodshah music to our ears when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'git for windows 2.13.x lt 2.13.7 2.14.x lt 2.14.4 2.15.x lt 2.15.2 2.16.x lt 2.16.4 2.17.x lt 2.17.1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings use-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'original chromebook pixel reaches end of life' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3686-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to insert ads within your post content in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability pgp signed message-----' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4minionia is it a site or a self-hosted wordpress site for just click on my sites all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln zabbix cve-2016-10134 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel net x25 x25_facilities.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux linux hacking kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brendanmccallum mcafee hasn t had anything to do with mcafee av in decades.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle fusion middleware multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft com for windows privilege escalation exploit cve-2018-0824 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'l_aitken ah gotcha are any windows features helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component gnosis 1.1.2 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cassitycolleen hello beautiful people what a sight 45 oracle volunteers celebrating father s day and bringing good cheer to ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'towndl awesome learn how to become a windows insider here let us know if you have questions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortigate fortios lets local users view hashed passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a cr4cking g00d time walkthrough password cracking ctf answers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mongodb cve-2016-3104 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd with chrissieevert and starbucks president amp coo kevin johnson for great oracle customer event during' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome testing infobar alerts on data-heavy web pages in canary build 69 of chrome google added infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libgcrypt 2018-6788454ab6 nessus plugin id 110575 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paul_reviews everything needs revision but stupid lawsuits is not how that is accomplished.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt antisocial_eng dorset police use paper aeroplanes thrown through open windows to get that security advice in it s cheeky it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meg_elizabeth hey there what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google play users risk a yellow card with android foulgoal.a by irfan asrar mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft power point 2016 java code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability microsoft windows device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0215' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rony_dg hi rony are you still seeing the issue within your browser perhaps we can lend a hand.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmail will stop allowing javascript .js file attachments starting february 13 gmail java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scmp_news british home office loses vital immigration documents throwing lives into turmoil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joomladocs new jdocs tutoriallearn how to get joomla working with mysql big thankyou to bila' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disk pulse enterprise 9.1.16 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new php code execution attack puts wordpress sites at risk sam thomas a security researcher from infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooklyn1825 hi there have you tried the steps in the guide to save passwords see make.. keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acer chromebook 13 and chromebook spin 13 will support linux apps on day one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remy85996523 understood could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows 10 device le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simon shares his passion for qa in the uk as a mcafee online safety program instructor educating children on the i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5207 in blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability setup for windows cve-201' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg baba ramdev india guru s whatsapp killer app mocked over flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases critical patch update that covers 334 vulnerabilities across all the products oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 gnupg2 elsa-2018-2180' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dahowlett developer benefits using oracle autonomous db thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcl0pl we have excellent guides to learn more about paint 3d here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft might not support windows xp any more but gandcrab v4.1 ransomware does' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud blockchain may be one of the most innovative and transformative ideas to impact the world especially for these 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd remote-code-execution vulnerability in mysql and its variants cve 2016-6662 dc596a17-7a9e-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one of the things changing is orgs are deploying systems en masse without antivirus software due to linux docker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apsb17-02 adobe flash player information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'five reasons why true key is our knight in shining armor by cybermum india mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8815 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home office slurps 1 500 schoolkids records per month schools are currently sharing the census records infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arch linux 2016.12.01 is now available to download includes linux kernel 4.8.11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt johnnyryan lest we forget why data brokers dmps and all of adtech needs tight control a reminder from 2013 eprivacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9555 the sctp_sf_ootb function in net sctp sm_statefuns.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.8 l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap solman 7.31 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast join oraclehosp amp discover how the new reporting analytics 9.0 can accelerate business growth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings how microsoft s windows red team keeps pcs safe wired see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker installation and basic usage on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techcrunch blockchain browser brave starts opt-in testing of on-device ad targeting by riptari' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecommerce in 2017 digital transformation budgets will top the billion dollar bar via tedschadler cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dimofinf cms 3.0.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3739-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my private tutor website builder script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0316' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lmbrownlee1 leaked ice manual shows gov t allowing informants to engage in illegal behavior impersonate lawyers journalists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrtomcatt hi there you can find out more on easy transfer in windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-725-1 tzdata new upstream version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2768 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luis bernardo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update v8 opensuse-2017-119' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mariegmoe hard coded password of medtronic patient monitor and exposed debug functionality.these vulnerabilities may allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms cve-2017-5347 sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel multiple denial of service vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in oracle database patch without delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vrealize operations manager ver 6.x lt 6.40 suite api collectorhttprelaycontroller relayrequest ob nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voice search has created a huge vulnerability at the heart of googles business goog googl hannah roberts busin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pentester s windows ntfs tricks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday naenara browser 3.5 redstar 3.0 desktop jackrabbit client-side command execution ex 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware patches rce flaw for airwatch agent for android airwatch agent for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows blog halo wars 2 blitz multiplayer beta and other windowsstore highlights:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcdonald s website flaw exposes user passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux_spain has details on the latest linux kernel release which is 100 thousand lines lighter than its predecess' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyb3rops extracted sigs from shadowbrokers screens readmes for fvey' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1446-1 intel-microcode security update spectre nessus plugin id 111359 with medium sev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use ai amp predictive analytics anticipate and prevent storage infrastructure problems by combining flash s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338823 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110982 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center fast-spreading mirai worm disrupts uk broadband providers inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 local privilege escalation fortinet forticlient version 5.2.3 windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'olympia protect 9061 replay attack packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy photoresq 1.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle dark bot of the week the fraud bot is particularly devious and can cost your business serious money learn how to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer security firms almost brought down massive mirai botnet by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drbrodix we love having loyal users like you what have been your favorite changes or added features over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kamipankaj right on what else are you using to stay productive on windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedex paying five dollars to install flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert critical patch update for oracle java se january 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alert adobe patches flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase migrating amazon redshift to autonomous data warehouse cloud check out what julian dontcheff global database lead' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 18 sql injection in businessobjects and several high priority notes to take care of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0084 remote code execution vulnerability discoveredmarch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq erpscan-17-005 oracle peoplesoft xss vulnerability cve-2017-3300 bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam so there is an infected pc in the office of the prime minister jamaica .infected from at least january 22.acto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana unspecified denial of service vulnerability hana unspecified denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news number of mongodb ransom attacks peaked 27 000 in a day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phil_lgr fantastic how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:java-1.8.0-openjdk-aarch32 2018-579ff80ed8' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password check required not so fast the most successful phishing emails tell users to check their passwords o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer hacker breaches hola vpn chrome extension to go after cryptocurrency wallet site by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mohamedatefezz thanks for your excitement are you a current windows user mohamed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3169-4 linux kernel qualcomm snapdragon vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'torvalds you re more secure w more specific amp less capable program linux doesn t want to be more specific amp less capable lfelc openiot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla appointments for jomsocial 3.8.1 component sql injection vulnerability 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eebinski hi there have you tried the steps in the article to repair chrome if it freezes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msbr0phy we re glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player multiple flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information bypass security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 chakra denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability mi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saplpd 7.4.0 denial of service cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps infected with windows keylogger removed from google play store google has removed 145 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player multiple bugs let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai variant cross-compiles attack code with aboriginal linux threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 14.x lt 14.1.3 speculative execution side channel vulnerability foreshadow vmsa-20 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'devops is a double-edged sword the elements that make it so powerful also make it a challenge to secure register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arg-w4 adsl router denial of service cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter newly uncovered tor browser exploit targeted dark web child porn site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sergioaa06 music to our ears have you been using windows to work on any interesting projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a pingback in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343896 windows server 2012 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 bug bites canada cisco vmware and others' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tsm for virtual environments 7.1.3.0 lt 7.1.6.4 windows domain credential disclosure nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'armorlee why do you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen ron wyden adobe flash is doomed why is uncle sam still using it theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_kpsquared we love your dedication kevin how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you can drag and drop you can add super-cool 3d objects and motion effects in powerpoint learn more about givi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ttrendz01 if you need to contact us privately please email help wordpress.com thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'county welfare office violated accountability rules while surveilling benefits recipients' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suning signs with sap for smart retail finance sport r amp d suning also announced a partnership with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jdaffy hi johnny have you tried the steps in the guide to fix chrome crashes see fix problems if.. section' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip learn how to set up cortana to automatically remind you of your commitments:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s on tnight s desk in his office at meraki take a look' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt attrc dfir books file system forensics analysis tcp ip illustrated modern operating systemsstep 2 windows fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seandtucker team oracle is thankful for all the love and support from our fans thank you for letting us share the passion https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux mint 18.1 is the best mint yet freedompenguin linux mint 18.1 is out and it s arguably the best linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2016-7274 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_xpn two06 cylance say they are adding james shitty code protection in next update not their exact wording' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital_tanya sorry for the delayed response tanya could you post the in the chrome forums for more specific he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to force user to change password on next login in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter links 6 2 2017 linux 4.10 rc7 next debian release frozen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ciscoitalia talossecurity a sophisticated spear phishing campaign is targeting nato' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more malspam pushing password-protected word docs for azorult and hermes ransomware wed aug 15th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jennaclairee hey jenna is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libheimdal opensuse-2018-876 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracletennis transitioning from college to pro oracle grant money paying dividends for former college stars and more about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removes plugin controls from chrome reports claim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortify has been supporting devops since before it was a word. hpegovsummit appsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lmheron that s great to hear are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'natebmartin how odd we appreciate you getting back to us how have you been enjoying windows otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for windows server 2008 june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge chakra jit boundfunction::newinstance bug packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday ifdate social dating script 2.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neos07 hey mohammed what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sap patches multiple xss and missing authorization vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter trendmicro interscan 6.5-sp2_build_linux_1548 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to hacking israel surveillance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sincerelyloewe have you tried loading the dashboard in a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt briankrebs got a google home or chromecast device on your network new research shows it s possible for web sites to query the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mschroeder77 holy smokes police officers in south carolina find an m249 machine gun 2 m16 rifles and an m203 grenade launche' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prioritising for today with the office assistant ottofit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution topic apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eventhia_j sounds like fun are you playing any other amazing games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 plugin csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cuteelis114 hi m ka tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update tar suse-su-2016:2895-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt infosec_pom infosec_pom 4 cvss:6.9 linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows dll loading remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 docker rhsa-2018:2482 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken authentication cve-2018-12575' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passive vulnerability scanner 5.2 is now available featuring improved scada visibility and reporting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air apsb16-08 multiple unspecified integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the mcafee labs team explored whether one could force navigation to an attacker-controlled page via cortana could' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore get gearsofwar4 for 40 off limited time only windows10 blackfriday gearsofwar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenapp 6.0.0.0 remote code execution vulnerability citrix xenapp 6.0.0.0 remote code execution vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researcher leveraged app paths to bypass user account control in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans pentest blogexploiting xxe vulnerabilities in iis .netby christojdavblog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'become the office hero with dell amp vmware desktop virtualization solutions if you re at vmworld meet us at the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'press shift f10 during windows 10 upgrade to launch root cli amp bypass bitlocker thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome malware campaign drops the spora ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vivek_suraiya mind if we jump in vivek have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-2164 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'electron webpreferences remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox add-on with 220 000 installs caught collecting users browsing history a popular firefox add-on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 openssl phsa-2018-2.0-0078 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla joominaflileselling 2.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6969 readelf in gnu binutils 2.28 is vulnerable to a readelf in gnu binutils 2.28 is vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so_influenced works fine for me in chrome please try clearing your cache and cookies make sure javascript is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 cumulative updates kb4340917 kb4338817 and kb4338827 released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crypto markets bloodied but not broken' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle flexcube universal banking multiple security vulnerabilities oracle flexcube universal b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mozilla-firefox updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi google goes public about unpatched windows vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update policycoreutils suse-su-2017:0338-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8031 the tomee console tomee-webapp has a xss vulnerability which could allow javascript to be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert the shadow brokers retire release free windows hacking tools but keep previous sale infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chrishanlonca threatresearch i work on a very wide variety of systems and i have also noticed more problems with windows 8 10 up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 freetype2 binutils photonos-phsa-2018-1.0-0148 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'image and video script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux x86 netcat -e option disabled reverse shell shellcode 180 byte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibrahimhamad97 great how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday eon 5.0 sql injection vulnerability cve-2017-6088 webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 poppler 2018-e1f03d1f72 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases emergency adobe flash player fix outside of patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla je video rate 1.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use angry ip scanner network scanner linuxandubuntu if you have used tools like nmap you will und' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openstack glance cve-2017-7200 security bypass vulnerability glance cve-2017-7200 security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3148-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zerosteiner making raw x86 and x86-64 windows syscalls from python' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to install several vpn protocols on your linux device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'antix 16.1 linux os is based on debian gnu linux 8.7 jessie without systemd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker office 201x privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danbullock hi dan give these steps a try sign out from google chrome gt delete the autofill info and then reset t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does your generation pose an office security risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vimivimals we like the sounds of that how does windows 10 help you get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the hacking adobe zer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsmrcaga that s impressive jo how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vpnfilter poses broader threat than first thought endpoints at risk too darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when will things change 1 in 6 accounts is still secured with password 123456' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1394-1 imagemagick security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 plexus-archiver rhsa-2018:1836 nessus plugin id 110507 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-1655 ibm aix 5.3 6.1 7.1 and 7.2 contains a vulnerability in the rmsock command that may b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 kernel cesa-2018:1852 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10631 medtronic n vision clinician programmer 8840 n vision clinician programmer all versions and 8870 n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'veerle_10 hey there we re glad to see you re enjoying windows spotlight images which other features have caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lxrissv hi there what s going on with chrome let us know and we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djvortechs we re glad you took the plunge do you have any favorite windows 10 features yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on the left is our commercial manager centre is me and right is the one and only metlstorm m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with more than 340 patents and counting fortinet s visionary innovation is driving the evolution of s fortinet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smiles_tiffany hi there you can find more info on the windows 10 media creation tool here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the modern mobile workforce is difficult for security pros to monitor securitycenter amp nessus make it easier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrghostmark hi there sign out of the chrome profile and then sign back in any luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3709-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stuff_we_made hmm try browsing in incognito mode do you still experience the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 ding-libs sssd elsa-2018-1877 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_comprofiler component sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2584 denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp for windows 10 updated with forwarding restriction to reduce fake news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday adult tube video script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft fixed 11 critical bugs in its june patchtuesday update including a windows dns-related remote code exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samarththakur44 music to our ears which new apps and features are you enjoying the most in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps flippa clone sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8205 a directory traversal vulnerability in dashboardfilereceiveservlet in the brocade netwo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wa auditor general calls out agencies for poor infosec practices password123 is still being used to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xnu kernel mptcp head overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a trusted certificate authority certificate to internet explorer or microsoft edge adding a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.0.x lt 2.0.10 2.2.x lt 2.2.4 multiple dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'picluster simple container orchestration picluster is a simple way to manage docker containers on multiple h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8967 arch arm64 kernel sys.c in the linux kernel before 4.0 allows local users to bypass the strict page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tradwoman we re glad to hear you re up and running again how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious windows executable files hidden in google play apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 plexus-archiver rhsa-2018:1836 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grandpants040 excellent be sure to check out all the amazing new features in windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'core ftp le 2.2 build 1883 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6468 local security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update security update to ucode-intel suse-su-2018:2335-1 foreshadow spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle another great view from oracle nyc markurquhart' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malware_traffic 2018-08-17 trickbot updates propagation method from infected windows client to domain controller first time i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches new spectre meltdown vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivandashsmith we appreciate the honest feedback which version of windows are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2819-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office customers lose internet access as routers hijacked thousands of talktalk and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1974 nessus plugin id 110692 with medium severity synopsis the re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pass gets a fail simple password store suffers gnupg spoofing bug theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 15th 2018 wed aug 15th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new windows malware wants to add your pc to a botnet or worse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 75 off hostgator wordpress hosting 0.01 for domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ctools upload file browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ned_griffin thanks for the kind feedback ned how is windows 10 helping you stay productive in your daily work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2018-547 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk researchers warn of serious wordpress php flaw infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews windows malware infections spiked 106 from black friday to cyber monday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 12.x lt 12.5.2 drag-and-drop feature arbitrary code execution vmsa-2016-0019 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artbarreno that s odd could you try creating a new chrome profile and check if that helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an up-to-date browser should keep users safe from most exploit kits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luckmb we apologize did you email help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'p0wnographer finds remote code exec bug in mcafee enterprise mcafee has taken six months to patch 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zend framework up to 1.12.18 zend_db_select regex sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mind__magic sounds very productive have you had the chance to try windows ink yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerabilities usn-3145-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cracking the passwords of some wpa2 wi-fi networks just got easier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver abap ea-dfps remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 8.1 rt 8.1 10 server 2012 server 2012 r2 win32k privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybersecboardrm new php code execution attack puts wordpress sites at risk wordpress php thehackersnews cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misstessamaye you bet also if you didn t get a chance to check your post revisions yet you ll want to do that.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikebkake thank you how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehcm what does ai have to do w hr do you think hr needs to improve on their personal touch via reggiebradford' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paulmiller thank you oraclefreerides delivered to the airport in comfort homeward bound' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 120201-08 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress sites targeted in world cup-themed spam scam darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5197 chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wtb javascript web apps and servers vulnerable to redos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released the windows 7 amp 8.1 kb4343901 amp kb4343898 cumulative updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 xmlrpc cesa-2018:1780 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mylobot highly sophisticated botnet shutdown windows defender amp blocking ports on the firewall infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers infosec itse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4246-1 mailman security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware removes hard-coded root access key from vsphere data protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thewithheldname let s have you check out the windows update troubleshooter let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ransomware down iot threats up in 2017 predicts mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft begins blocking updates for older windows versions on newer hardware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officescan xg 11.0 unauthorized change prevention bypass officescan xg version 11.0 suffers from an unauthorized' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arobertsonphoto sap_aws preach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3328 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecommerce the is how neimanmarcus is merging brick and click for a better shopping experience via futurestores nrf17' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 unauthenticated content injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mdseclabs escaping the sandbox microsoft office in macos a new post by _xpn_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'official_hhc thanks for clearing your cache and cookies which browser and version are you using does the same ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libreoffice 5.3 released touted as one of the most feature-rich releases ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_hannahrrc got it let s try performing a browser reset by following these steps after r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artsapphire hello there let s make sure your active hours are set the should help reduce untimely restarts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3145-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service topic skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you want to recreate hero of canton browse cryptocurrency forums where john mcafee is a folk hero' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security edge skateshop blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec ctools upload file browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief snowden supporters petition obama ios onion browser free bank bans whatsapp nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wait 3 panels in 3 days and two policy brainstorming workshops hosted by hewlett_found feat elisugarman amp lots' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server message block smbv3 response processing bug lets remote users cause the targ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'omegle clone 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security ms16-154 critical security update for adobe flash player 3209498 version 1.0 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201808-02 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt setoptz first day back in the office from sansinstitute and can already make an impact with what i learned thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riotgirl217 we re so happy you were able to pick up the dell inspiron 13 samantha how are you liking it with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat makes case for cloud native virtualization by containerblog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5570 an issue was discovered in eclinicalworks patient portal 7.0 build 13 the is a blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas image recognition software startup . netrainc takes on big players with oracle cloud iaas.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 glibc rhsa-2018:1879 nessus plugin id 110603 with high severity synopsis the remote red ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft enables linux desktop users to send sms text messages with latest skype alpha infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4221-1 libvncserver security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-04 busybox multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sultra cms sql injection topic sultra cms sql injection risk medium text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cinnamon 3.2 desktop officially released here s how to install it on ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chasapple i don t think the ever happened sinc we had monthly updates but i have to double check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benmg90 why do you say that benji we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libgcrypt 2018-6788454ab6 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leowillner hi leo have you tried the steps in the guide to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamersplane our browser works differently for different people we can only apologise for the and offer troubleshooting help josh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4233-1 bouncycastle security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17735 released with bug fixes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 bind rhsa-2016:2871' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joergsauer hey there we love your enthusiasm which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pow captain america and other marvel heroes defeated by bad passwords our favorite marvel heroes were infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution an unauthenticated attacker with network' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5196 the content renderer client in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.85 for android insufficiently enforc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress online hotel booking system pro 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy patchtuesday microsoft patches flaws in windows office edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog new it wasn t just inbenda javascript library compromised in ticketmaster credit card hack socialplus pushassist' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 plexus-archiver cesa-2018:1836 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg windows10 security can be bypassed by settings page weakness' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edward_mnl how odd we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 5-year-old linux kernel local privilege escalation flaw discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hamilton turner ph.d. named chief technology officer of optiolabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability sap maxdb odbc driver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a windows dns flaw takes the top priority in the june 2018 patchtuesday release and microsoft also updated its a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge browser unsupported version detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atharexplores we re so happy to hear it when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt epakskape we d love everyone s feedback on the criteria msftsecresponse uses to determine what windows vulnerability reports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer html help control 4.74 bypass exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.3.9 sql injection vulnerability exponent cms 2.3.9 sql injection vulnerability18 jan 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ecava integraxor cve-2016-8341 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt andythurai friends i joined oracle cloud oracleiaas i know a lot of skepticism out there about enterprise cloud vendors i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'birdyberdu hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_kpsquared that s awesome thanks for sticking with us all these years are you currently using windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muchmoreit gotcha thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'identity has become the perimeter oracle security svp darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a wave of ransom attacks is targeting mysql databases mysql ransom cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for tomcat native' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to protect your wordpress site from brute force attacks 8 tips' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2048-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 pcs cesa-2018:1927 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news recording highlight the week was metlstorm trying to say ppd-20 about six times before giving up and sayin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu screen 4.5.0 on linux privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5216 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome a use after free in pdfium in google chrome pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1445-1 busybox security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln mongodb cve-2016-3104 remote denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fce365 ios 10.2 10.1.1 how to jailbreak on windows via youtube' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1389-1 apache2 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86_64 ipv6 reverse shell with password shellcode infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow poc cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take control of how your company and staff use passwords with lastpass fab sponsors of our podcast again the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog stfn42 in my first job in 1999 we needed to organise a penetration test but every time i said the words people bu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla onisquotes 2.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bl4sty soo. mcafee s ultra secure crypto currency hardware brain wallet is an android phone with custom bezel supply-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eva_trostlos hi eva thanks for letting us know we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evilssdp tool amp technical overview abusing ssdp upnp on windows networks to phish inside windows explorer how t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet oracle unveils oracle soar a comprehensive cloud migration offering by stephcondoncbs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jd_weinstein apply now to the us-based oracle startup growth accelerator in austin tx cloud cr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday blizard bb 1.7 privtmsg md5 hash retrieve blind sql injection exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14028 in wordpress 4.9.7 plugins uploaded via the admin area are not verified as being zip f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter f5 networks big-ip apache tomcat 6.x vulnerabilities k30971148' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update freeradius-server suse-su-2017:0102-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'borked browser baked into nintendo switch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1854 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lunaofthesea is there anything we can help you with on windows 10 we want you to have the best experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tweetsofold it is incomprehensible that such a great number of americans can vote to put into office a candidate who represents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 8.1 10 server 2012 server 2016 smb response mrxsmb20.sys denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yacht listing script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 moodle 2016-4f7d4df7b3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacks4pancakes gutterchurl gotta ask the champ jjx for tips she s an awesome example of excellence in our field' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kalfakyn awesome thanks for sharing how long have you been using windows for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas cloudera enterprise data hub now validated on oracle cloud infrastructure combine the flexibility and performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nandjjourneys that s so exciting how are you enjoying windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2891-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter research disassembling linux mirai.b worm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itechscripts payment gateway script 8.46 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new method discovered to crack wpa wpa2 psk enabled wifi network passwords new attack method infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to extract files from an rpm package on linux xmodulo an rpm package contains a set of files typically' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to improve accessibility on your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zacinlo malware yet another threat for all windows 10 users researchers at bitdefender have recently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update spice on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows task scheduler alpc interface local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersalhome great feel free to contact us if you have any chrome questions we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mediawiki up to 1.23.11 1.24.4 1.25.3 1.26.0 user::randompassword wgminimalpasswordlength weak authen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 cgit 2018-a407b85547 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity useful resources for ios hacking by s1guza mobilesecurity iossecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component ajax search for k2 2.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trishmcfarlane automating the way oracle takes your data from ebs and transitions it quickly into fusion erp using accelerators i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases windows 10 cumulative updates kb4343909 and kb4343897' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 procps cesa-2018:1777 nessus plugin id 110296 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla community surveys 4.3 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3199-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9450 the user password reset form in drupal 8.x the user password reset form in drupal 8.x befo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rootkit-based adware wreaks havoc among windows 10 users in the us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bustin98 hello vince we appreciate your feedback how have you been enjoying the rest of windows 10 otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why can t i add or install plugins in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are widgets in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update apache2 suse-su-2017:0203-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you see these top 5 rated sessions from dockercon2018 by docker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipad putting pressure on windows and android tablet competitors says strategy analytics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux percpu race condition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3853 an exploitable use-after-free vulnerability exists in the javascript engine of foxit software foxit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4 cross-site-scripting topic wordpress plugin weixin robot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gram post instagram auto post multi accounts with paypal integration 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla jajobboard 1.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slashdot cc activision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts kde4libs vulnerability usn-3223-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 blink universal cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add mac-like multi-touch gestures to ubuntu maketecheasier mac s touchpad and its multi-touch gestur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts openjdk-7 vulnerabilities usn-3691-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8020 apache tomcat native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 has a flaw that does not properly check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter crime fighting murdoch police officer is wa s top cop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah oracle privilege escalation via deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 plugin answer sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tusharkhatiwada understood could you confirm the version of chrome you re using we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news another canadian uni hit by ransomware students told to keep windows pcs away' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.18.1 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guard your privacy and data in 2017 how to create strong passwords and why you should do so' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news microsoft pushes out critical flash player patches with one week delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter larice club sqli vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uncloaking tor browser users with drm-protected files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday july 19th 2018 thu jul 19th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network flash player bug an eavesdropper s delight' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yacht listing script 2.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lgbtqoracle our oracleopen family came out in force for the lgbt parade in tokyo japan loving these photos jerry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dont miss out on myhackerhouse flash sale on our live training next week we teach core competencies used in the s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords are hard to remember that s why the most popular password out there is 123456.it s also why we made lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is raising the bar our customers asked for more accessible training on oracle saas products and we listened' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars bb-8 kitchen timer a dome-headed timer to help you make your instant bread or infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'add a scada controller and the could be a great ics hacking training simulator' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cordova-android 6.1.1 insecure transport packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoomer296 hey larry we re happy you like the fluent design have any other windows features caught your eye recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update sudo opensuse-2016-1343' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whalestormyt we re always open to improvements share you ideas with us in the feedback hub here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the document foundation announces the muffin a new tasty user interface concept for libreoffice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local naenara browser 3.5 redstar 3.0 desktop jackrabbit client-side command execution exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2437 the sap internet graphics service igs 7.20 7.20ext 7.45 7.49 7.53 allows an attacker to exter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle solaris securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a mobile-ready responsive wordpress menu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious word documents using dosfuscation mon jul 30th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches flaws in windows office edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no the fbi are not sending bitcoins to the shadowbrokers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kentobean123 okay gotcha let s have you learn how to change notification settings in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'michealknight12 that s sweet of you to say how long have you been using windows for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft msr javascript cryptography library cve-2018-8319 remote security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-35 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s continued hpc investments at isc high performance 2018 oracleiaas ansys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarejake the interesting part is how many people in the infosec field are still relying on java for security op' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp 2.18.61 memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrisakatwsm we re so happy to hear the how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt imeluny very proud of the effort behind defcon s new support hotline available 8am-4am.please spread the word so people' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker 1.11.2 forged vxlan packet service detection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9754 local integer overflow vulnerability kernel 4.2.3linux kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6346 use after free local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:2161 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in mixed-design radio chips the processor s activity leaks into the analog portion of the chip and is broadcast a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pro tip the is the way to learn suricata avoid those who want to make a buck out of other people s work and do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet bro the best-kept secret of network security darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt delltech the science of speed powers the mclarenf1 team zbrownceo shares how simulation sensors and data analytics make' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhodgelaw it s quite handy right are any other windows features standing out to you lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter weli cms weak password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tell us in a paragraph a sentence or a word what you think a cybersecurity and privacy certification should loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'turkish haber sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq security bulletin hpsbmu03685 rev.1 hpe insight control server provisioning infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle security alert for cve-2018-3110 10 august 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sql slammer worm crawls back infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome layout out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft says windows 10 anniversary update doesn t need security patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql 5.7.x lt 5.7.23 multiple vulnerabilities rpm check july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe acrobat extension for chrome cve-2017-2929 cross site scripting vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wackysort so disappointing indeed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vessonsecurity how with smb and wmi filtered inbound via windows firewall it cannot spread.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu s apport bug reporting tool leads to vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley new linux malware hijacks one vendor s iot devices by exploiting cgi bug via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux.horsepill risk level very low type trojan.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in cisco webex chrome plugin cisco webex chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases security update for chrome original release date june 13 2018 google has released c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major ics scada vendors team up in 60m investment in claroty ics scada clarotyltd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter understanding security implications of angularjs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a wave of ransom attacks is targeting mysql databases worldwide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5579 remote security vulnerability oracle fusion middleware cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0164 remote memory corruption vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1535-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical rhsa-2016:2927 rh-mariadb100-mariadb security update problem description an update for rh-mariadb100' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newest skype for linux enables sms text messages from the desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise multiple security vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sydneycblain hi sydney can you share a bit more about the which version of windows are you working on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2013-5653 afpl_ghostscript debian_linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-0336 a vulnerability in the batch provisioning feature of cisco prime collaboration provisioning could all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joshuadone we appreciate your feedback joshua there are other ways to get office on your pc check out the other' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2598-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast the cloud browser enabling safe and secure osint malware analysis authentic8 and sans' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 vim ovmsa-2016-0182' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploit cve-2013-0657 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week in linux amp opensource' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jon47 hi there we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2972 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress user login log 2.2.1 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new open source program survey by us at the linuxfoundation todogroup and thenewstack finds that 72 of companie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'effective identity and accessmanagement programs are the result of a shared organizational vision gartner s kevi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201612-08 linuxcifs utils buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peterdswart hi there please contact us at help wordpress.com from the email address associated with the account y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to do lead generation in wordpress like a pro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deblebrown privacy on facebook s terms it s like having door locks installed only to find out that the locksmith also gave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploring risks of it network breaches to industrial control systems ics scada ics ot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln multiple cisco products cve-2017-3853 stack buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi warns us students about online job scam that can leave them broke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cotyembry that s amazing which features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dolshtawaleed hi dolshta tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitt_nya_nym 4n6woman dragosinc oh and we have the dragosdoggos of course dogs are welcome in the office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress jibu pro 1.7 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0022 windows zero-day flaw used by adgholas hackers and it was included in neutrino' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onlinegames search redirect removal how to restore your browser infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in oracle database patch without delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2016 bypass a restriction or similar obtain information vulnerability microsoft windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordman713 hello we appreciate your patience with updates how is your device working for you today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last week we hosted tony dungy former head coach of the colts amp buccaneers amp james jb brown from nfloncbs f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee the new studio is up i promise to behave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot developer imports cybercrime tools to brazil cisco talos and flashpoint have teamed up to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next the register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'node.js and containers both excel at performance packaging and scalability says nodesource s rosskukulinski:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 sudo elsa-2016-2872' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to andreaslehmi bambino0710 benjamin_ds wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'auditing elections for signs of hacking excellent essay pointing out that election security is a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update firefox and tor to patch critical zero-day vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kymmyhoddy thank you for clarifying try running the windows update troubleshooter on the link keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter damicms 6.0.0 cross site request forgery damicms version 6.0.0 change administrative password cross s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'engrleokomando hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new clipboard malware monitors the windows clipboard for cryptocurrency addresses and replace its own infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities ffeb25d0-ac94-11e8-ab15-d8cb8abf62dd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc code surfaces to exploit apache struts 2 vulnerability threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvizion cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker the article will help you to remove search.searchgmfs1 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt johnhultquist excellent thread on intercepting sms 2fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security slip-ups in 1password and other password managers extremely worrying' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8376 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft powerpoint software when the software fails' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use 7zip file archiver on ubuntu linux howtoforge 7zip is an award-winning open-source' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle algeria turns off its internet to keep students from cheating on exams algeria s blackout can be seen in oracle s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle flexcube core banking 5.1.0 5.2.0 11.5.0 unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter will your employees passwords awaken the sleeping dragon of email security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maldoc ransomware linux ip frag dos macos scripting mouse clicks podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay pwc sap ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2018:1764-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vivek_suraiya that s odd could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is windows goodbye new windows 10 security feature automatically locks pc when' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several thousand linux devices infected with the linux.proxy.10 linux malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'piwik superuser plugin upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thedocmoonshine glad to hear your pc is running smoothly now how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b2evolution 6.8.8 shell upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana unspecified denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7456 vmware vsphere data protection vdp 5.5.x vmware vsphere data protection vdp 5.5.x thou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnome software 3.22.3 lets users upgrade two fedora linux versions at a time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattsta daily reminder all saas makes your company vulnerable.no matter how nerd-famous your fb alum startup bros are o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rgb_lights ignorance of insecurity does not get you security we need to examine voting machines scada systems iot and oth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unix_root bros please follow kapustkiy he is a smart guy hugs thehackersnews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt minervalabs excited to announce that minervalabs has joined the mcafee security innovation alliance by deploying minerva via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alyssadcaito we have a wide variety of video editing apps available on the windows store check them out here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9178 the _get_user_asm_ex macro in arch x86 include asm uaccess.h in the linux kernel before 4.7.5 does' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'p0wnographer finds remote code exec bug in mcafee enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg an inside look at hybrid office 365 phishing attacks salted hash ep 41' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update postgresql on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cramer remix it was the hottest group in the market until red hat reported infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'effective identity and accessmanagement programs are the result of a shared organizational vision gartner s kevi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itechscripts video sharing script 4.93 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was published securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln huawei anyoffice remote denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robjquinn1 and should you ever outgrow us it s easy to move to the self-hosted version of wordpress with another provider.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0045' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'showmecon 2018 ll3nigmall s atat how to take on the entire rebellion with 2-3 stormtroopers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5017 interactions with the os in google chrome prior interactions with the os in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple ios lt 10.2.1 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux bzip2 command tutorial for beginners 6 examples' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons some folks have had lots of useful info some ju' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last day to save don t miss the early bird rate for oracleopenworld your chance to save 400 ends today at midni' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers at blackhatusa showed how a cortana flaw allowed them to take over a locked windows10 device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5546 the freelist-randomization feature in mm slab.c in the linux kernel 4.8.x and 4.9.x before 4.9.5 all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons securelyfitz you seem awfully intent on dimissing my hypothesis were you par' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wdormann ravooriadithya i was told ms got offered for flash bundling see also candy crush etc.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '18 useful tricks to speed up wordpress amp boost performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emprendeanonimo did you get a password reset email from us or are you just wanting to change your password for your own reasons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component booklibrary 3.6.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glurb_master okay gotcha let us know if it happens again are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vu 962459 linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service vulnerability note vu 9624' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xandriamonique that s great to hear how s everything running for you now we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce linux kernel memory corruption via ip6t_so_set_replace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe digital editions lt 4.5.4 multiple vulnerabilities apsb17-05 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newsbee cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update libxi suse-su-2016:3047-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 bypassses windows 10 bitlocker and drops you into an access-all-areas cli don t panic.do infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google search console fail over notifications for the wordpress updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hpe officeconnect 1810 series switch has unspecified flaw that lets local users obtain potentially sensitive inform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ssl certificate signed using weak hashing algorithm known ca nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass bugs allow malicious websites to steal passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows dll loading remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android os wifi broadcast sensitive data exposure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome original release date january 25 2017 google has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_7_0-openjdk suse-su-2018:1692-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'governor calls for improved cybersecurity broadband access in north carolina' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2837-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338819 windows 10 version 1803 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blindbeader hi there what happens when you try loading the websites in chrome is there an error message keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel sound infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bsdmag 5 essential linux holiday amusements linuxfoundation linux unix opensource redhat software tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller probe yields hacking indictments for 12 russian military kjhiggins mueller dnc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robbrowatzke hi rob how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we need to think of new secret code words for walking and going out as our dog has learnt all the prior ones.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netiq sentinel java object deserialization rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the second trick for picking robust passwords while potentially easier is just use the phrase as the password m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt raj_samani following the new findings from talossecurity on vpnfilter our new mcafee_labs blog details coverage mitigation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office compatibility products june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'miss_alaynius that s great have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201808-04 webkitgtk multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft hardens latest windows version against hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internet storm center director johullrich to talk honeypotting at cybersecurity training event sanssanantonio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntop-ng 2.5.160805 username enumeration packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps buy and sell market place software sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2016-8741 apache qpid broker for java information leakage bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2424 sap ui5 did not validate user input before adding it to the dom structure the may lead to malicious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off optinmonster get more email subscribers use coupon bf2016 wordpress cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a checklist for audit of docker containers docker and other container technologies are increasingly infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new free chrome plugin blocks cryptojacking browser attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity webroot quarterly threat update 84 percent of phishing sites exist for less than 24 hours infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'baudvine how cool are you running windows 10 on your new pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news has office depot claimed your pc had a malware infection when it didn t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you can now install chrome extensions in opera directly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6595 disputed the swarmkit toolkit 1.12.0 for docker allows remote authenticated users to cause a d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft msr javascript cryptography library cve-2018-8319 remote security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fredo_ap great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin slider templatic tevolution lt 2.3.6 arbitrary file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla appointments for jomsocial 3.8.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to webnewsinsider wizardip melopixels wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-6859 hybris management console hmc in sap hybris' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity never share your password says expert forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3150-1 linux kernel vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an everyday linux user review of q4os everydaylinuxuser q4os is a light weight linux distribution which loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'universal media server 7.1.0 xml injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'these were the most common passwords used in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 ghostscript rhsa-2017:0014' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several thousand linux devices infected with the linux.proxy.10 linux malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5190 google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl6.x i386 x86_64 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a pingback in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3741-3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1540-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 mysql phsa-2018-1.0-0103 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjewest we re glad to hear everything s running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3722-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skypeapp 12.8.487.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shinobi602 from software announces sekiro shadows die twice published by activision coming 2019 e32018 xboxe3looks in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4196 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability ibm websphere infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug allowed hackers to find out everything facebook knows about you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the city of munich now wants to abandon linux and switch back to windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2438 the sap internet graphics server igs 7.20 7.20ext 7.45 7.49 7.53 has several den' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hoofnagle similar message from john battelle facebook is a data broker the largest in history and facebook leases your dat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 365 having login and activation issues for the past hour users of microsoft s office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your password has probably been stolen here s what to do about it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bro network security monitor 2.5.4 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress amp amp lt 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud lessons learned from oracle modern supply chain experience through the lens of five diverse customers.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity public security minister wants 2500 new police officers by 2018 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown leading sales enablement why two are better than one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt digitconf end of two intense cybereurope18 days of real life-inspired scenarios of cybersecurity crisis which brought tog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'up now at mspsc is chris inglis speaking on his vision for the government s role in cyber he was previously depu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stack your money and act broke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeremywiersma great thanks for doing that let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2018-176-01 nessus plugin id 110693 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lesliej0hn can you give us more details as to what you re experiencing on windows 10 let s sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning open nice port lets remote users access the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shanconnors95 we sure do help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity pa district attorney responds after his office falls victim to computer hack ransom forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for july 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lg lghashstorageserver directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new dyna-crypt ransomware not only encrypts your files but also steals your passwords contacts amp more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer discovered in andy android emulator for windows a cryptocurrency miner was discovered in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kasperskylabit kaspersky russian cyber espionage group turla leverages on a new javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 2017 to bring more ransomware iot ddos attacks and scada incidents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-2164 spectre nessus plugin id 110996 with high severity synopsi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1658-1 meltdown spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation ms16-135' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert reminds users that windows smb v1 needs to die experts say us-cert is taking advantage of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows drm files used to decloak tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netflix and spill web vid giant kills password masking in tests now your date will know your passphrase infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to nginx seclabor dinosn wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display facebook events on your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2018:1603-1 meltdown spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8405 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft releases windows 7 kb4012212 and monthly rollup kb4012215 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1927:01 moderate pcs security update an update for pcs is now infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcespinola hmm let s try clearing the app cache by following these steps settings gt apps gt chrome gt storage gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update left azure linux virtual machines open to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faultybutton she s a firecracker huh how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln nessus cve-2016-9260 html injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meterpretor tara_msft docsmsft windowsdev check out the last video at that walks you t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intptrzero thank you for the well wishes are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 44con learn how to use radareorg on linux to debug a windows kernel in a vm with zutle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla view content 1.5 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solidestcharli3 that s amazing we love your support let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 creators update what s on tap for spring 2017 for business users microsoft plans to add more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation topic fortinet forticlient 5.2.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heyjonyee we understand how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to stop offering support for windows 7 windows 8.1 old surface devices in forums' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'presidents day savings start now save up to 1 100 on select windows10 pcs plus great surface amp xbox deals:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add google slides presentations to wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_8_0-ibm suse-su-2018:1738-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity taipei police inaugurate new cybercrime division forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pelle s c dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 patch euleros-sa-2018-1184 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chillybus we re glad it worked out hope you had safe travels how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs with over 2.9m samples coin miner malware grew a stunning 629 in q1 cyber attackers are transitioning from rans' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberdroid7 hi there could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cryps1s new post detecting windows endpoint compromise with sacls native windows event logg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews microsoft to block flash in edge browser for security speed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201806-01 gnu wget cookie injection nessus plugin id 110522 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens automation license manager 6.x lt 6.0.1 directory traversal nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new php code execution attack puts wordpress sites at risk thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how to crash any windows 10 pc laptop with a smb zero-day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'garfimon hi there thanks for reaching out creating a supervised profile is no longer available in chrome you ca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new office update for android with new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt steventseeley lol windows:stat phar: attacker pwn test.phar .jpg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons you might have seen the officialmcafee s claims that bitfi6 s wallet is unhackable.they even put down a bounty.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 23.0.0.207 multiple vulnerabilities apsb16-39 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm qradar security information and event manager cve-2016-2873 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordzarehard hi taylor we wanted to check in how is your pc running after the update we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'number of mongodb ransom attacks peaked 27 000 in a mongodb cybercrime hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox version 52 update download available with sound issues on linux os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krisstig oh no check out the article for steps on how to repair chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome now features site isolation to defend against spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a buzzfeed like website using wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-3044 the linux kernel component in ibm powerkvm 2.1 before 2.1.1.3-65.10 and 3.1 before 3.1.0.2 allows gu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 thunderbird rhsa-2018:2251 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create an idx real estate website using wordpress 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress twentyfourteen theme default theme full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1394-1 imagemagick security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'go digital drive brought cyber security to the fore in india' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rather than speak broadly about all aspects of general compliance with the gdpr the lfwebinar july 10 will ins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to increase pageviews and reduce bounce rate in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sdunn_dev you re making us blush shannon how have you been enjoying windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funktgf thanks for the birthday wishes how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you catch our code word of the day pay very close attention to our tweets and head back to the symantec booth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5423 debian_linux postgresql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'which is the best movie streaming box for under 150 apple tv vs fire tv vs chromecast and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join oracleiaas gm kyle york for tomorrow s velocityconf keynote the internet versus your sites taking action' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is investing in manchesternh maybe you should be there too via barrettall on inc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2018-0251 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can someone connect me with a contact at oracle security dms open asking for a friend' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-13 nghttp2 denial of service nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidbaruffi_ev hmm could you check if you re on the latest version of chrome current version is 56 keep us updated.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security itechscripts payment gateway script 8.46 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt talossecurity the official talos guide to security summer camp 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ronxdichoso hi there is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel portal script 9.37 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14615 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a buffer overflow in truncate_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. swapnilbhartiya shows how to install supported linux distros on windows and easily switch between them:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nhs trusts still relying on windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youssefyamani sorry to hear your lost all your passwords what happened exactly at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 calibre 2017-efed73a87c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter micro focus universal configuration management database browser lets remote users conduct cross-site r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tim2040 wtf the commissioner invited him to be one of the judges of her inaugural data protection officer award. i m gobsmacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla vik rent car 1.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber attack struck down talk talk and post office routers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'automation and containerized apps success with netapp trident and redhat openshift amp ansible in a recent infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-022 security update for microsoft xml core services 4010321 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realeboga_s hello there we suggest downloading windows 10 here let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introducing oracle autonomous blockchain cloud service join the live webcast to begin innovating with blockchain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talk-talk does not urge customers to change passwords talktalk has been vastly criticised for the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps newsbee cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux lt 2.0.3 multiple vulnerabilities sb10181 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities 98b603c8-9ff3-11e8-ad63-6451062f0f7a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the complete guide to playstation emulation on ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt angellicaribam so the gurgaon municipal office says that govt of haryana notified about mandatory aadhaar for birth certificate wh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordhousegill sometimes your antivirus software can cause the check the out gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db nextgen gallery lt 2.1.77 unauthenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity atlanta attorney s office gets cybercrime unit forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pancak3lullz apachestruts cve201811776 snortsome snort signatures i worked on today had some help from friends trying to d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln brocade network advisor cve-2016-8205 directory traversal vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 php euleros-sa-2018-1217 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 apport vulnerabilities usn-3157-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee turns back on icos following regulatory pressures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'say hello to our newest intern emily we hope you are enjoying your first week at mcafee nationalselfieday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sohebfm we re happy to hear everything s running smoothly today how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 17741 is out with much needed improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8966 arch arm kernel sys_oabi-compat.c in the linux kernel before 4.4 allows local users to gain privileg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evacide a high-five to the teenage eff enthusiast who brought the to our attention i look forward to hiring you one day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords for tens of thousands of dahua devices cached in iot search engine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability linux kernel tcp_input.c re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity using hacked data a crime under proposed changes to computer misuse and cybersecurity act infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss bpm suite 6.3.2 bypass a restriction or similar csrf vulnerability jboss bpm suite 6.3.2 bypa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redirect removal how to restore your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress slips out three quick patches infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phil_lgr we appreciate your loyal support through the years what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reducing complexity with docker by zingaya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle java se awt remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kingfah97471009 fantastic are you enjoying any other apps or features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2016-3648 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tom_napier the best way to avoid flash issues is to set the plug-in to click to play here s how gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fighting cyber security f.u.d and hype' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-151 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3205651 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtualtal yeah and person a is a gru officer but the problem is that he s communicating with someone with whom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a strong password and beat the hackers avast every week our researchers round up the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'botched microsoft update knocks windows 8 10 pcs offline regardless of isp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for december 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3718-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security slimaruser management 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in admin panel sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image slider 1.1.41 1.1.89 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities e78732b2-8528-11e8-9c42-6451062f0f7a nessus plugin id 111020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-3694 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities in modified ecommerce shopsoftware 2.0.0.0 revision 9678 whe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory lftp updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whiterthansn0w hello we re glad to hear that it s running well how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is rss how to use rss in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q amp a with software qa manager how mcafee empowers me to shape the future by simon software qa manager infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to y_a_s_s dinosn _vps_hosting wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows uniscribe font processing heap-based buffer overflow in usp10 ttoge 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.36 lts introduces minor pa-risc changes wireless improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco anyconnect secure mobility client lt 4.6.01098 certificate bypass vulnerability nessus plugin id 110563 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samarththakur44 those are some great choices be sure to check out all the features of the windows 10 april 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tonydtran hi tony can you confirm if your friend is logged into the correct chrome profile keep me posted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 qemu-kvm rhsa-2018:2162 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as expected criminals are beginning to monetize attacks against a recently patched wordpress vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 red hat ceph storage 1.3.3 rhsa-2016:1972 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansdefense an excellent sanscloudsummit presentation from simoncrosby on virtualization and its benefits to the enterprise https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 windows server 2019 to get leap second support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brave browser starts feeding ads to willing guinea pigs security privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your web browsing history can be linked to your social media accounts helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4249-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8019 when using an ocsp responder apache tomcat native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nycdotnet you re welcome have you already tried the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozillafirefox opensuse-2016-1490' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla team display 1.2.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2250 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the u.s government should begin transitioning away from flash immediately before it is abandoned in 2020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pycharm the best python ide for linux pycharm is an ide brought to you from the same people that create int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7878 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos cesa-2018-1957 important centos 7 git infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using a simple way to bypass ms office 365 protection thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 68 released with warnings on http sites but also other security features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter from secure passwords to app updates londoners warned to take cyber-security as seriously as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tanjimbhai we re glad you re satisfied with windows which features or apps have you been using the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284880 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 june 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stormchaser4653 we re happy to hear that how is your device running after reinstalling windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft started blocking windows 7 8.1 updates for pcs running new processors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd wordpress multiple issues 4740174c-82bb-11e8-a29a-00e04c1ea73d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eir scam phishing for payment cards and passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3692-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hello world welcome to wordpress the is your first post edit or delete it then start writing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bitterwhiteguy thegrugq go big or go home bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp alert your backups in google drive are not encrypted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emergency alert for sandstorm and severe lightning lol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15901 e107 2.1.8 has csrf in usersettings.php with an impact of changing details such as passwords of us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip xss vulnerability in the big-ip and enterprise manager configuration utilities k9 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tsubakinykohara how exciting let us know once you have everything setup we can t wait to hear what you think of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel vfio driver cve-2016-9084 integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ultimate wordpress review is it the best choice for your website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 jscript9 javascriptstackwalker memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'install icinga 2 and icinga 2 web on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webroot attends rsac 2017 twitter is buzzing with chatter about the rsa conference 2017 rsac infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrewgoertzen how odd are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colinhartuk certifygiac edskoudis strandjs excellent congratulations thank you so much for trusting sans for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat overflow in utf-8 decoder lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews watch out python-based adware pbot or pythonbot evolves to install malicious browser extensions by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vu 332928 ghostscript contains multiple dsafer sandbox bypass vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt indi303 investigate malicious logon by visualizing and analyzing windows active directory event logs jpcert_en jpcert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2016:2919' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter when it comes to security android is the new windows network world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1974 nessus plugin id 110692 with medium severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 java-1.8.0-ibm rhsa-2017:0462' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vanofthedawnr pretty neat right are you currently using windows 10 to meet your goals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whealie so to check does it work in libreoffice openoffice thunderbird or google chrome jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office boss babes coloring and activity book for windy days at watchpoint gibraltar the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'limiakentledge hello can you share with us what is making you feel the way perhaps we can improve your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home recording with ubuntu studio freedompenguin learn how to use ubuntu studio to create your very own home' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin amp amp lt 1.3.7 sql injection vulnerab 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora vs ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '16 gifts for rad dads and grads no bads windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 buffer overflow cve-2016-7283' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spectre v4 fix and windows dns patch in june patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news ram-mapping javascript defeats aslr leaves systems vulnerable to attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geekvangelist thank you so much do you have a favorite feature in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to cleydson iopenuser nginx wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glusterfs rhsa-2018:1955 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux reiserfs listxattr_filler heap overflow linux suffers from a reiserfs listxattr_filler heap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt usatoday incognito browsing isn t really private and 4 other privacy myths' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2017-3241 erpscan-17-006 oracle openjdk java serialization dos cve-2017-3241 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what to do when you are locked out of wordpress admin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm4rkk1e we recommend checking out the windows dev center to get started let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'missy2k17 right on what are you liking about windows 10 so far we can t wait to hear your first impressions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mealexanderc amazing be sure to check out all the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish server url normalization denial of service nessus plugin id 110612 with high severit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical browser bugs made up microsoft s security bulletin including ones in internet explorer and microsoft edg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4253-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2x73_rblx that s great how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hosselot google chrome v8 map constructor information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.10.5 vmwgfx_surface.c vmw_surface_define_ioctl ioctl call denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress google analytics counter tracker 3.1.5 php object injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how clicking whatsapp links is making users vulnerable to cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news microsoft outlines new office 365 security capabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shapsgtp hey there thanks for being such a fan are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twistermc vivaldibrowser webkit hi for now i confirm that the comes from a different program the browser aut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djaggyx hello there which version of windows are you receiving these errors on we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sriramhere learnt a lot at openiot summit thanks to linuxfoundation for inviting me.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash movieclip attach init object use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel tours script 2.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zacinlo a stealthy amp persistent new malware targeting windows systems delivers adware and takes screenshots of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dpaknc music to our ears we would love to hear your first impressions on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'public mongodb instances are exposing 24 tb of data elastic clusters are exposing 904.8 tb and hdfs a whopping 5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat s christian schwede explains how openstack swift is deployed at large enterprise companies:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install gitlab on an ubuntu server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle january 2017 cpu fixes 270 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bro 2.5.5 is out a maintenance update with security fixes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update gpg2 suse-su-2018:1696-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee s recent blockchain threat report discussed the four major blockchain threats and how they impact' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aid cve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zigshmupwolf sounds like quite the setup are you playing any other games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we did a little digging and found the top 100 docker tutorials you need to know about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln util-linux cve-2016-5011 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 glibc alas-2018-1048 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3166-1 webkitgtk vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks heating up against apache struts 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rjmendera understood you can see all the new features in windows 10 here we re here if you have any questions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voxstefani hi if you send more details to help wordpress.com we ll be happy to check your account.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to put your wordpress site in maintenance mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt virusbtn two simple commands stop your linux machine being vulnerable to the cve-2018-5391 dos vulnerability gossithedog e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeatoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssh 6.8 6.9 pty privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 mysql photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0014' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog flexiconconduit hey did you see you had a data breach somebody put all your customer usernames and passwords on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections zerofont phishing attack crooks are using a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fake whatsapp email comes as a billing alert recently we have received a report from one of our readers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'masudranalive looks great so far masud how are you liking windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is a wordpress child theme pros cons and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best wordpress ecommerce plugins compared 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitigating spectre with site isolation in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba4 rhsa-2018:1883 nessus plugin id 110604 with low severity synopsis the remote red hat host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '15 best tutorials to master wordpress navigation menus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sbu thwarts cyber attack on nato member diplomatic office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chagirun hi there we d like to look into the does the happen only on chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2893-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday august 14th 2018 tue aug 14th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'earstohear15 hi john we d like one of our experts to look into the could you post your issue in the chromebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glibc rhsa-2018:1879 nessus plugin id 110603 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canonical partners with docker for cloud container management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the iot cloud by oracle is making service predictive and proactive says sfioretti vi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability dukapress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'illegalbeaner99 thanks for confirming let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malspam with password-protected word docs pushes hermes ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and javascript remain the top enterprise developer languages for the cloud survey finds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ryanhuber at slackhq we use linux audit to continuously monitor thousands of hosts today we are open sourcing our tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2007 denial of service vulnerability microsoft office 2007 denial of service vulnerability2 f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10883 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-of-bounds writ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxjournal linuxaudit gn3mes1s wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the fbi is offering some poor password advice for online shoppers gcluley s new video explains what s wrong:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm sterling b2b integrator up to 5.2 password cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update glibc suse-su-2018:1562-1 nessus plugin id 110393 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fishpool86 hi there can you check if you re logged into your chrome profile let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5204 leaking of an svg shadow tree leading to corruption of the dom tree in blink in google chrome prior' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerabilities in lastpass allowed attackers to steal hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 httpd phsa-2017-0027 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable the register infosec vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday quadz school management system 3.1 uisd parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons soft apts heh how soft on the rockwell scale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'feel free to tag all the daniels in your life but if the is your password to anything please don t mention it just go change it asap.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ces2017 msiusa launches a brand-new lineup of vr-ready gaming pcs powered by windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow authors to revise published posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update bluez suse-su-2018:1778-1 blueborne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter finance website script user.profile.php uid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sushidude alexstamos for those unaware of previous work on the excellent framing here s k8em0 s rsa 2013 flash talk on t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday google chrome googlechrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 4266-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 patch rhsa-2018:2093' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you or someone you know become victim of online fraud reportit to your national police amp your bank asap yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ntshoyamathudi they are not windows they are doors sliding doors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out sysadmins someone hijacked more than 2000 unsecured mongodb databases for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark password vault web access .net object deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soheabmalik awesome are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riyami_77 we re thrilled to hear that you re a fan of our windows spotlight images is there anything else you re enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gbadri music to our ears which windows 10 features are you enjoying the most right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'normansblog hi norman we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps carrying windows malware yanked from google play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m hoping virustotal is broke as otherwise i m going insane.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imaguid symantec was that your impression of the living off the land brochure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do web injections exist for android man-in-the-browser mitb attacks can be implemented using various infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dianecoyle1859 just heard home office denied residence to my french neighbour here 17 years married to a british man caring fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle communications applications flaw in eagle lnp application processor gui component lets remote users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 20 1pm et 7 steps to protecting data in the era of digital care absolutecorp daveshackleford sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scott_helme hackerfantastic p.s i have my version of chrome set to the future so most people get a grey warning instead of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'le hacker sapeur ultime sirjmkitavi is gonna pwn you before he even sits down for the ctf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches vulnerabilities in flash shockwave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email campaign uses fake silverlight update to install keylogger a targeted email campaign used a fake infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 privacy changes appease watchdogs but still no data off-switch analysis microsoft favors infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5187 google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.85 for android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd atheme-services multiple vulnerabilities e47ab5db-c333-11e6-ae1b-002590263bf5 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security technologies and tools nips nids' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.10 linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3152-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to improve accessibility on your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barryjonathan hi jonathan it sounds like you might be affected by malware try running the chrome cleanup tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update gnu health and it s dependencies opensuse-2017-6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nagios core 4.4.1 local denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0174' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is a good thread re scada ics power stations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2962 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cretesummertime you are welcome thank you for your kind words glad to have been of assistance dellcares ry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 1st 2018 wed aug 1st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hamsandwchwoman microsofthelps could you try setting edge as your default browser and switch it back to firefox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neil_neilzone response to home office consultation on the government s proposed response to the ruling of the court of justice o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patch tuesday fix issues for zero-day in flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco ios xr default admin password weak authentication cve-2016-9215' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open mongodb database exposes mobile games money laundering operation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wamyane we re glad you like it be sure to stay up to date on the windows blog for more announcements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase larry ellison is now on stage announcing a major milestone in oracle s autonomous strategy with the availability o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 firefox rhsa-2017:0459' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1997-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whoahja pretty neat right have you checked out our other new features on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news chrome dev explains how modern browsers make secure ui just about impossible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity apache struts vulnerability exploited in the wild infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'followtherabit great work how has the rest of your windows experience been going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-03 burp multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110524 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami mysql57 alas-2018-1070 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.18 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i hope they re paying charltonbrooker loyalties.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel vfio driver cve-2016-9084 integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 binutils euleros-sa-2018-1154 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8966 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web exposed mongodb installs wiped by bitcoin ransoming script scum patch or perish some 2 000 mongodb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jillsbookcafe was the issue happening through a web browser or through the app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt amberdanno chicken little danno aka oracle s most serious canine intern helping mom from their joint home office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'survey shows florida at the bottom for consumer cybersecurity by kg4gwa risk passwords ponemon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla music collection 3.0.3 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmsa-2018-0018 vmware horizon view agent vmware esxi workstation and fusion updates resolve multipl nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-1730 msie jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption details and poc cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fast-spreading mirai worm disrupts uk broadband providers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor browser securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join our live webcast now oracle ceo markvhurd takes the stage oraclenetsuite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt a_l_kather important article written by sarahknuckey satterthwaiteml amp adam brown on trauma depression and burnout in th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0162 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virus scan enterprise opens linux machines to remote attackers security researcher andrew fasano infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberphilly new sans dfir poster windows forensic sansforensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikamckinnon meanwhile on mars think good thoughts for the opportunity rover currently hunkered down waiting out a dust storm.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join tailored oracle cloud support for your admins amp end-users at c17lv april 3 11am pst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14612 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid point' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xbox celebrate cybermonday with 25 off recore t xboxone windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malspam with password-protected word documents tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0xamit i have two scsi models in a box in my office please take them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 29.0.0.171 apsb18-19' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'speaking of microsoft 0day here s a new office code execution technique all versions which ms aren t planning to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-735-1 gst-plugins-base0.10 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14608 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows has a password protection option however' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1932:01 moderate zsh security update an update for zsh is now infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zackwhittaker new chrome is ramping up its naming and shaming of non-https sites with its latest browser update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rasputin hacker uses sqli to hack 60 universities and government agencies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2016 linux predictions which ones came true networkworld about a year ago bryan lunduke made a series of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center 5 links of the attack chain and how to disrupt them inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleugs register now panel discussion moving from oracle_ebs peoplesoft_info oraclejdedwards to oracleerpcloud ap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress amp amp lt 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clviper like that crappy mitm on whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap cyber threat intelligence report march 2017 sap has released the monthly critical patch update for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'owncloud 0.1.2 user impersonation authorization bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress plugin membership simplified v1.58 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theklingon music to our ears we appreciate insiders like you when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i like to think of data as the oxygen of a business oracle s ctreff in an interview with marketingland' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mac malware reported a malicious word doc and a fake software update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segmentsmack flaw in linux kernel allows remote dos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 samba4 rhsa-2018:1883' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats to the chrome browser which will be 10 years old the weekend' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'operant thegrugq that s not really new flash is included in windows 8 8.1 10 so by default you have the flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas come try pre-configured solutions running on oracle iaas for free the symantec demo lab shows you how you can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthewheimer how a chance meeting at brainstormtech paved the way for tech s biggest deal ever mlevram fortunemagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evil back files apache server-status there is no backdoor in whatsapp injecting javascript in podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davegaming73 how interesting let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'notdan that s just clever targeting at least there are no adversaries with long term strategic planning and excellent targeting skills.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy web search 3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adnaanjp understood what version of chrome are you using to check go to your address bar and type in chrome: version let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermewio ah gotcha how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledx digital is disrupting every industry how can automation help smbs rise to the challenge of doing more with shrinki' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update qemu opensuse-2018-603 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to deploy ghost blog with nginx on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms15-094 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3089548 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how has margsmex accelerated speed of service with oraclehosp oraclecustomers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 glibc linux phsa-2017-0022 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kalyanisays music to our ears be sure to learn more about the windows 10 april 2018 update here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 unzip libtar photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0029 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top hids tools on the market in our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nekrtemplar got it could you try signing out of your chrome profile and then sign back:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'instagram clone script 2.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.6.3 netfilter privilege escalation exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle glassfish server cve-2017-3250 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tammydraga we always wanted to keep the internet open for all with best browsing experience we build for people' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat quickstart cloud installer remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.3 fcntl64 system call handler sys_oabi-compat.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel developers discuss dropping fbdev staging drivers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janeruffino love it the office assistant would approve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scmagazine wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2486-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sousou we should always be aware of what hardware should do for you benchmarking with clear linux has seen r get' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-010 security update for microsoft windows smb server 4013389 uncredentialed check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress contact form maker 1.12.20 xss csrf sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the linux foundation has announced it s 2017 global events lineup learn more and register for events:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress job manager 4.1.0 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trojan transforms linux devices into proxies for malicious traffic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2162 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my feature interview is up 36 minutes with boblord chief security officer of the democratic national committee.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is windows shimcache a threat hunting goldmine enterprise-wide threat hunting sounds like a daunting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cortana flaw allows bypassing windows 10 lock screen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap netweaver abap remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2998 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 mutt rhsa-2018:2526 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how money-hungry data brokers erode privacy in china a recent expose by southern metropolis daily a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one small step for a browser one giant leap for web security with the release of chrome 68 we re infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securinti my password is a blind xss payload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giuliani and top trump white house officials hacked passwords leaked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new report alert latest mcafee_labs threats report explores major topics including operation ghostsecret cyber' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '184 stop commands found in a ransomware sample today that s a lot.interesting that the word sophos nocase can b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-17 pecl http remote execution of arbitrary code nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timmy_turner100 excellent let us know if you have questions we re always just a tweet away' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update unzip opensuse-2018-709 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rorbrorb thanks for tweeting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt m8urnett here s an interesting page that lists all the hosts that windows 10 connects to never seen the before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'autumnsouls6127 welcome to windows 10 let us know if you have any questions we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap sapcryptolib 5.555.38 remote code execution vulnerability sap sapcryptolib 5.555.38 remote code execution vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam knows your password but don t fall for it the scam emails claim to have compromising infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matt2clapp that s the dashboard for a self-hosted wordpress site so we don t actually control that you can open an issue on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fcc proposes to maintain us broadband standard of 25mbps down 3mbps up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view client 4.x lt 4.8.1 information disclosure vulnerability vmsa-2018-0019 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix wordpress login page refreshing and redirecting issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive wordpress redirect campaign spotted targeting tagdiv themes and ultimate member' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln citrix provisioning services remote code execution and information disclosure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pcausa rawether for windows local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberpoint_intl with browser extensions comes a large attack vector that could be used to serve ads circumvent security feat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day shadowbrokers ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theregister update is your google home or chromecast not working reboot it or wait for a fix to arrive over the next six ho' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'codeputer that s great richard how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fillman86 hi phillip what happens when you launch chrome let us know more about the issue we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter need xmas ideas try cve-2015-7645 a flash gift that keeps on giving' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3680-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you linux newbie and love it already if you want to learn more and become certified the lift scholarship i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4216-1 prosody security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nathanial292 pretty cool right are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one more day to save don t miss the early bird rate for oracleopenworld your chance to save 400 ends saturday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0097 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9120 race condition in the ion_ioctl function in drivers staging android ion ion.c in the linux kernel be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows authorization manager msxml3.dll information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steve_hume hi stephen tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edgetip pin tabs to the browser bar for one-click access to the sites you visit most learn how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp ink printers multiple vulnerabilities hpsbhf03589 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee to run for president in 2020 on cryptocurrency platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts openslp-dfsg vulnerabilities usn-3708-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases security alert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thecish windows 10 is the most secure windows ever learn more about our comprehensive security here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4220-1 firefox-esr security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katybg interesting are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86 netcat -e option disabled reverse shell shellcode 180 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'james_barlett hi james you can learn more about activation in windows 10 here let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trxtrx great thanks for doing that the helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is chmod and how to use it for wordpress file permissions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2016:3041-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 40 off seedprod wordpress maintenance mode plugin use coupon bf16cm blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us visitors may have to reveal social media passwords to enter country' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2446 admin tools in sap businessobjects business intelligence versions 4.1 4.2 allow an unauthenticated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to srita_karen charlyandersons wopot wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2017-3509' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel show_timer input validation flaw lets local users view portions of system memory on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'littledeejay_yt that s an excellent machine do you play any pc games on it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobiketa complete mobile marketing 3.5 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 21 1pm et the keys to managing insider threats amp stopping data exfiltration observeit sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edward_mnl hi do you have your windows up to date check if your antivirus and firewall settings are correctly co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017 symantec network protection products that include a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel security s mcafee labs 2017 threats predictions report predictions include ransomware dronejackings s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blazed_mist that s an excellent timeline which new apps and features are you enjoying the most in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection wordpress plainview activity monitor plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ryanjreilly the is actually a great lesson about how d.c works' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xhosom looking for a new way to use bro_ids collect pdns and look at the stuff damskyirena points out in the talk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'myheritage breach leaks 92 million emails hashed passwords hotforsecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt abujamajem . pstanpolitics on america s shift from big counterinsurgency to violence management abroad disrupting milita' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mcafee machine learning a key 2017 tool for socially engineered hacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russia-linked turla group uses new javascript malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 23 1pm et how network traffic analytics eliminates darkspace for the soc extrahop sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft finally released windows 10 redstone 5 iso images to insiders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the booth was madness like they were handing out free blow at a stockbroker s convention.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to set oembed max width in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change custom post type permalinks in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'election protection aims to secure candidates running for office the kit is designed to prevent infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sukariki hey there we suggest checking out how to bring your ideas to life in 3d with windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to hacking israel surveillance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:1944' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebron james opens stem-based school for at-risk students in ohio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'caution windowsinsiders the preview build announcement is double stacked for 17723 and 18204 mixed reality a m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hijacking windows user sessions with built-in command line tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nicely obfuscated javascript sample fri mar 24th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flash tops the exploit kits chart in 2016 again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'privacy experts say browser fingerprinting is likely illegal under gdpr but don t expect the practice to disapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb update t-mobile now says encrypted passwords were compromised in latest data breach.we obtained a sample of o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7288 ms16-145 microsoft edge memory handling remote code execution iii 3204062 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how the l1 terminal fault vulnerability affects linux systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 podofo 2018-2f3c0cdf93 nessus plugin id 110690 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do read the home office biometrics strategy document and look for sharing re-use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 pki-core rhsa-2018:1979' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft enables linux desktop users to send sms text messages with latest skype alpha linux-based infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create and delete virtual machine from command line in openstack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft issues critical patch security updates for windows office and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt athertonkd tarkin had vision you have graphs is perfect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows vista sp2 7 sp1 server 2008 sp2 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raspberry pi as physical backdoor to office networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates available for adobe flash player apsb18-19 a security bulletin apsb18-19 has been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'six essential capabilities of an analytics-driven siem gt splunk whitepaper provides a deep dive into how siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the chromebook grows up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new to cybersecurity check out our upcoming events in north america and get the training you need to excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'creating a key generator to reset a hikvision ip camera s admin password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steely962 bxchen for windows hold down shift and double-click the firefox icon for a mac hold down option and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft .net framework july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visit oracle dyn infosecurity europe stand c230 for a live demo of our intelligent web application security se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7279 microsoft internet explorer 9 through 11 and microsoft edge allow remote attackers to execute arbitr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwaretechblog i first came across the method being used by scriptkiddie .net malware in 2008 10 years later it is now apparentl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jvanegue geoff is one of the most under-valued windows low level developer reverse engineer i know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'informationsecurity has become a boardroom issue says oracle ceo markvhurd learn more on his latest linkedin a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ssd advisory linux kernel af_packet use after free packet_sock linux kernel vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k12_sysadmin thanks for pointing out i too just received 50.0.2 please report back with the results of your test asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6456 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious windows executable files hidden in google play apps scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'these were the most common passwords used in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt yoshiparlevliet enisa annual privacy forum 2018 apf18 opening words by demosthenes ikonomou of enisa_eu focus on bridging legal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new sextortion scheme uses users old password for blackmailing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more nefarious strain of zacinlo malware infecting windows 10 machines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability sap business obje' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 glibc alas-2018-1048' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons securelyfitz are you sure about that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news 8 ways companies can manage risks brought on by the saas tsunami' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'core ftp 2.0 xrmd denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add multi-column content in wordpress posts no html required' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my link trader 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 5 6 7 java-1.7.0-openjdk elsa-2017-0269' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 red hat ceph storage 3.0 rhsa-2018:2177 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide to pasting snippets from the web into wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 14 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows mail client embedded url processing flaw lets remote users obtain potentially sensitive ip address informat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s here drop by booth g5 to see the aqua team in action dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s easier to stay on top of things with sticky notes in windows ink learn how windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent piece from 888riley' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle january 2017 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities oracle january 2017 critical infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8825 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 cacti 2017-a513be0939 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattdobbie hello we re always looking for ways to improve windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it was recently found that bouncy castle keystore files are vulnerable to hash collisions allowing attackers to us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update java-1_7_0-ibm suse-su-2016:3068-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps carry hidden windows 10 malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phillipskraba hi we certainly regret any disappointment in your dell product please direct message the customer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realdotnetdave we like to think of it as being a windows veteran do you have any favorite changes or added features over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamsiddiqsazzad we appreciate your longtime support what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cat infinit.tgz docker import infinit:acquired paris biz gobbled batteries for distributed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to lead like abraham lincoln according to a harvard historian qz poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news microsoft s samaritan refuses help to hackers doing win 10 recon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fivetanley hi there we d like to know more about your issue are you seeing an error message while trying to play the videos on chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update taglib opensuse-2018-627' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk_maiden hi that sounds like a great question for the wordpress community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux pam 0.6.9 authentication replay vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.82 denial of service vulnerability google chrome is prone to a denial of service dos vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.8.2 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smb 0-day risk downplayed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '123456 leads the top worst passwords of 2016 darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'encrypted office documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eiad456 focus is private the whole time while the regular firefox app has regular and private browsing included at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3207-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 mingw-libraw 2018-baa8315daa nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs we re live at oracle code check out the keynote from crichardson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it security news daily summary 2018-07-16 new sextortion scheme uses users old password for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 best wordpress translation plugins for your website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc lmeyerov bro_ids splunk graphistry we can t wait it s going to be great for those in the bay area check out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5548 drivers net ieee802154 atusb.c in the linux kernel 4.9.x before 4.9.6 interacts incorrectly with the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usaf leak exposes data including senior officers details information security buzz' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gdm suse-su-2018:2527-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2016:2919 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out what your web browser is telling websites about you interested in knowing what information a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1932-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk users bombarded with scammy offers via facebook whatsapp since the beginning of the year survey infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sagnavel we appreciate loyal users like you are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nessus launched plugin list nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 git alas-2018-1035 nessus plugin id 110452 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-01 gnu wget cookie injection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix issue installing hyper-v on windows 10 windows has an option to run your computer on more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2937 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.186 and earlier have an exploitable use after free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2674 jboss brms 6 and bpm suite 6 before 6.4.3 are vulnerable to a stored xss via several lists in busines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordfence warns of a huge increase in brute force attacks on wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a community-run isp is the highest rated broadband company in america' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can configuration manager manage windows defender in windows 10 understand how windows defender is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week in open source news linux forces improved windows gaming blockchain s importance surges in 2017 amp more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flexense enterprise products detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last dridex trojan variant uses a new tactic to bypass windows uac a new variant of the dridex trojan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 tigervnc rhsa-2017:0630 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update monit opensuse-2016-1339 poodle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update dnsmasq suse-su-2016:3269-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update libtcnative-1-0 suse-su-2016:2871-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatpost news wrap december 8 2016 mike mimoso and chris brook discuss the news of the week infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd samba multiple vulnerabilities e4bc323f-cc73-11e6-b704-000c292e4fd8 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wi-fi attack cracks wpa2 passwords with ease' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2016-3651' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brehmaaa ah gotcha when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk in terms of delivering public cloud infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is rolling out new cumulative updates for windows 10 8.1 and 7 it s the second tuesday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajeannine_d see the post on the front page on both my browser and my phone try clearing your browser cache and cookies and try' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new chrome extension alerts users to hacked sites darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justinknelson that s music to our ears are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft xbox one and windows 10 getting dolby atmos surround sound' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javarketta there is an add-on for that wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysis reported data breaches in australia the office of the australian information commissioner infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hww1955 thanks for sharing wayne how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why u.s navy operations department lead edward brown earned his ceh with infosec institute edward brown infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla medialibrary basic 3.5 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2177-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linux_spain wraps up the linux showdown with a look at what makes suse linux stand out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kimikoyuki_13 we re glad to hear it how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all night binge watching no problem get up to 45 longer battery life than google chrome with microsoftedge:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news canadian agency breached as hackers exploit cve-2017-5638 flaw in apache struts 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with swiftkey accessibility gaming and search improvements infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0558-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9192 a vulnerability in cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for windows could allow an authenticated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter indasengineering web scada directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday sap ase odata server 16 denial of service vulnerability cve-2017-5371 dos exploits vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iams_roy hi there you can stay up to date with our latest announcements on the windows blog here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-16-675 microsoft windows ado recordset getrows use-after-free information disclosure vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jmckey there is a regular firefox browser for ios and there s also focus for privacy at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openscap libraries 1.2.14 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atomictriangles what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac get shortcuts for remnux on linux in the free cheatsheet discover malwareanalysis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a wordpress theme framework' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kilimali_robert offers wordads for premium and business plan users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft launches office 365 in 10 new markets eyes expansion in nearly 100 new markets by next year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_spyde be sure to check out the windows app troubleshooter as well let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes report claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt englishrussia1 st.petersburg grocery ready for fifa bronze today in st.petersburg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1849-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'klmbel best feeling in the world what do you use windows to do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10883 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'add youtube player controls to your linux desktop with browser-mpris2 chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security flaw in mcafee enterprise software gives attackers root access the security company took six infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t have a dirty cow man android gets kernel hijack patch meanwhile another nasty linux bug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10153 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secbughunter what do you have against hackers bro you re a total dick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for remote code execution apsb18-19' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 3.20 source code tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eimearxox hi there you can turn full-screen mode on or off by pressing ctrl f in mac or f11 in windows amp linux does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gonzohacker officer is shocked claims bullet has never done the before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress olimometer 2.56 plugin sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs the shift to cryptomining malware doesn t mean ransomware will go extinct anytime soon more on the evolution via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upcoming changes to the webassembly format may defang the browser patches for meltdown and spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle earnings fall co-ceo catz to join trump transition advisory team ws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco web security appliance proxy memory exhaustion dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter idg contributor network ubuntu core has the keys to iot security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daduck87 hmm okay let s have you try these steps to troubleshoot network connection in windows 10 did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0005' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2973' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity macau s senior customs officer nabbed for credit card fraud infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-07 transmission remote code execution nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking campaign uses old microsoft office flaws to create backdoors steal files vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux turned 27 years old over the weekend what s your favorite linux distro and why' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jedisct1 rt hosselot bypassing control flow guard in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7281 ms16-144 microsoft internet explorer browser security bypass 3204059 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms up to 2.3.x id title content_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql 5.5.x lt 5.5.61 multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 qemu-kvm cesa-2018:1416' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg splunk pushes into the realm of devops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 snooping microsoft gets more time to tackle excessive data collection microsoft has been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'invisible windows persistence in the registry novel technique to hide autoruns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel local privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ritavangraff understood let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update procps suse-su-2018:1836-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'backup exec console goes awol latest windows updates borks backup exec console data security biz veritas infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several high risk 0-day vulnerabilities affecting sap hana found' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new adventures await you ll be ready for anything with a sleek yet powerful lenovo yoga 910 and windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eiad456 and easily clears your history passwords and bookmarks stuff mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'murder suspect jailed over refusing to reveal password in the uk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us-cert warns of zero-day windows exploit owned by shadow brokers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw hacking linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe creative cloud desktop lt 4.6.1 privilege escalation vulnerability apsb18-32 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'traps named a visionary in gartner s magic quadrant for endpoint protection platforms gartner has just infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why does the happy customer love nessus it s helping to protect everyone and showing how important' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'greendumplingtv the guide outlines some more of the differences between the 2 versions of wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg googlechrome bug opens access to private facebook information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chrismorrisbits in honour of the late barry chuckle here s kirsten o brien s tribute to the chucklebrothers from charlie brooker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 password protected bind shellcode 825 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeremykohler hi jeremy we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you ll also score a free linuxfoundation t-shirt more info and sign-up here cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove default author profile fields in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mnubot is an excellent example of many malware families in the brazilian region said tomer agayev with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 thunderbird-enigmail 2018-1f651350de nessus plugin id 110387 with high severity synopsi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu linux up to 15.04 overlayfs privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome bug triggered errors on websites using symantec ssl certificates infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt granick if you aren t upsetting anyone you aren t challenging the status quo. laparisa true words for the legal and policy worlds too.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2017-3253 remote security vulnerability ubuntu linux 12.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7262 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 excel 2010 sp2 excel 2013 sp1 excel 2013 rt sp1 excel 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 buffer overflow cve-2016-7283' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dramanetwork sql injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'database of 15.6 million hacked passwords available for download on haveibeenpwned website we always infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 24 1:tomcat 2016-a98c560116' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brannondorsey pokemod97 how does it compare to their new browser ui thingy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10882 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-of-bound write' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:1944 nessus plugin id 110618 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking wordpress to require hosts to support https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'axis network camera remote command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'less.js untrusted file compilation code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a grand jury indictment 12 russian gru officers for hacking the dnc dccc and hillary clinton s campaign in the lat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amg_gas hi are you referring to the search button not aligning with the search field are you in the wordpress app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mcafee survey finds parents ignore their own concerns of sharing images of their children online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt the_jsf with javascript growing as an integral part of the iot industry particle joins the js foundation to support tha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center android security bulletin november 2016 what you need to know techrepub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we re glad you think so how have you been enjoying windows overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avira the nsa-linked doublepulsar exploit can now target windows embedded devices via securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle java se 7u121 8u112 libraries unknown vulnerability cve-2016-5549' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 dpdk rhsa-2018:2038' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2017-01-23-6 icloud for windows 6.1.1 bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability openssl padding oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3039-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icewarp webmail 12.0.3.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to link to an email address in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-155 microsoft .net framework information disclosure 3205640' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fdupes a comamndline tool to find and delete duplicate files in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dude313123123 yeah i m glossing a lot i mainly mean that brief peak where radio then television determined what' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7241 ms16-129 microsoft edge browser memory corruption remote code execution iv 3199057 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin job manager 4.1.0 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1582-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bamabobblehead we suggest reaching out to the chrome google forums for more specific help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'escalate is a ctf way learning platform topics linux exploitation windows exploitation implant development we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'customize the colors of all your browser elements with the happy little experiment called firefox color:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to toucheacyber wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a post slug in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ocs inventory ng webconsole shell upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201807-02 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches zero-day flaws in windows internet explorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allibally hey allison we suggest learning how to change the size of text in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mandrew_obrolo may i know what kind of issue you are facing with you firefox csk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rjmendera thanks for your loyal support what have been your favorite changes to windows throughout the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brookmanknight is consent a moral dilemma or a mere medicolegal formality excellent detailed blog on the perilous ethical and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress themes nunace shell upload vulnerability csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14959 an issue was discovered in weaselcms v0.3.5 csrf can create new pages via an index.php' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trend micro av nukes innocent sharepoint code admins despair servers fall over after javascript file infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dvk01uk looks like the reading amp stealing chrome logins amp history only started on 8 aug and appears in all 3 samples since' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress 2.9-4.7 authenticated cross-site scripting xss in update-core.php' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps itech multi vendor script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows emet xml injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iweantmad thanks for the update could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update phpmyadmin opensuse-2018-939 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 best wordpress translation plugins for your website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security windows escalate uac protection bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stotka we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dlitchfield oracle are patching 334 vulnerabilities across various products tuesday next week many of which have a cvss score' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews chinese hackers carried out country-level watering hole read more to know what se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msclaredea our dellcares team has several windows10 videos that might help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shashi_ihsahs thanks for the update could you also try clearing the chrome browsing data and then restart your de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archlinux 201806-7 flashplugin multiple issues infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ippulse 1.92 tcp port denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to kill zombie processes in ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update for microsoft office july 2018 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'x0rz i think the big problem that ppl brought up is that the fines don t go away because you paid a bribe and the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vault 7 cia hacking weapons include ios android and windows zero days infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narhimaabbas thanks for the love are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colvinakastrech excellent let s see if we can narrow it down are you looking for a laptop or desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no win32_process needed expanding the wmi lateral movement arsenal wmi windows pentest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you are looking to deploy windows 10 amp need security configuration guidance the microsoft windows 10 security b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s neon project to redesign windows for nerd goggles reports getting things straightened up infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8646 the hash_accept function in crypto algif_hash.c in the linux kernel before 4.3.6 allows local users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement campaigns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'black hat usa 2018 google microsoft and red hat dish on the meltdown spectre backstory scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 anniversary update blocks zero-day exploits before patches are even deployed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week for windowsinsiders built-in beam streaming and game mode for windows10 pcs learn more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ulimahlangu we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to kartozageo cyberinform darryl_macleod wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 56 v8 heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad suse-su-2017:0027-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hadoop yarn resourcemanager unauthenticated command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 memcached 2016-0c4e822340 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress contact form maker 1.12.20 xss csrf sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. techcrunch reports on new research showing how well hololens works as a visual prosthesis for the vision impai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sire excellent my lord quit poking me .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 mariadb rhsa-2018:2439 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3217-1 network-manager-applet vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible and gdeploy rhsa-2017:0260' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kingbroly we appreciate your patience updates help keep your device safe and secure let s make sure your active' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you debian for giving us an amazing os congratulations and a big thank you to all maintainers developers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-10096 sql injection vulnerability in register.php in sql injection vulnerability in register.ph' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crazycraftyjo we appreciate your patience have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 upda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday auction script 6.49 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users the post doesn t have enough text content infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mustashleigh hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sas_amir we re glad you re enjoying the windows spotlight images how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows mwc2017 the porsche design book one is a new premium 2-in-1 laptop designed to enable the best of windows10 pro:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using new way to bypass microsoft office 365 protections thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 sqlite 2018-8d8f0e1643 nessus plugin id 110401 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings oss-security cve-2016-8655 linux af_packet.c race conditi see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanhughfleming peterkgeoghegan someone say hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'devuan s systemd-free linux hits beta 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft msr javascript cryptography library cve-2018-8319 remote security bypass vulnerability microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt directoryranger detecting lateral movements in windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12825 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have a security bypass vulnerability successful exploitat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4262-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tiraniddo cool to see my article on exploiting windows object manager lookup in poc gtfo volume 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and what about gdpr handbooks that dpas provide forewords to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle database server bugs let remote authenticated users access data and local users modify data and deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cbgreenwood currently it s available in english app stores with a release set for more countries in the future sorry to disappoint jr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter my link trader 1.1 admin login.php username password weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases fix for actively exploited flash player zero-day helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3101 webcenter_portal vulnerability in the oracle webcenter portal component of oracle fusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1401-1 graphicsmagick security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorddeodatus hello are you ok you can t update your browser what s your device mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec ens sql injection vulnerabilites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1699-1 meltdown spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps client expert 1.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'micro focus universal configuration management database browser lets remote users conduct cross-site request' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts jakarta remote code execution cve-2017-5638 detection with nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ecava integraxor 5.0.413.0 sql injection cve-2016-8341' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'speeding ahead from io hungry database to more shapes and new regions let s talk oracle iaas momentum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity fast-spreading mirai worm disrupts uk broadband providers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is the current status of print security and can we prevent attacks join hp webcast as they examine specific' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reminder your passwords are still terrible cybersecurity itsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openstack compute nova 13.0.0 denial of service vulnerability compute nova 13.0.0 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt artilllerie the vt file notified on the report to be a arkei stealer browser stealer amp bitcoi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'safe browsing on mac will warn users of apps that modify chrome settings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 the dccp_rcv_state_process function in net dccp input.c in the linux kernel through 4.9.11 mishandle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_jajobboard v1.5 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you going to be infosecurity europe tomorrow oracle dyn will be at stand c230 come see us infosec18' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacoblindgren11 welcome back and happy browsing bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on bullshit and the oath of office the lol nothing matters presidency back in 2005 princeton infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy chat server 3.1 add user local buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'codewired hi there thanks for your support we can t wait to see what you create with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking 12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacking u.s democrats twelve russian infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3108 vulnerability in the oracle fusion middleware component of oracle fusion middleware subcomponent or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tactic036nikola fantastic your feedback helps us make windows even better thanks for your support.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qemu guest agent 2.12.50 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17735 released with bug fixes today microsoft released windows 10 insider infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asemtheawesome excellent are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle wishes all the dads out there a very happy fathersday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbrookzfilms hmm an extension might be causing the issue try disabling any extensions that you have any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10881 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans upcoming webcastintroduction to enterprise vulnerability assessment finding strutsby adriendb june 12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee i hired paradigm2070 after he was released from prison he was still on parole no one would hire him i gave him' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the sextortion scam now includes victims legitimate passwords in the email' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd asterisk pjsip endpoint presence disclosure when using acl 0137167b-6dca-11e8-a671-001999 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swampystorm445 thanks for your support all the time are you enjoying any specific features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katyrenfroe that sounds like a great question for the wordpress community they should be able to assist you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cso spotlight niall browne domo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd great morning with safra catz judithsimoracle amp entire austin team for oracle global employee summit connectin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theregister well can t get hacked if your pc doesn t work mcafee yanks bsoding endpoint security patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla je tour 2.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spyridonkagkas yes there is you can download windows 10 from here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opentext documentum content server 7.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking windows 10 with thefatrat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bpp256r1 til internetintel by oracle is a fantastic resource for learning about recent ddos attacks confirmed cases of d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mzbat please don t store your work and personal passwords in the same password manager instance trust me it will only e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp-json content injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google ignores windows and releases its vr video editing tool for linux and mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 68 arrives with new apis and all http sites marked as not secure google today launched chrome 68 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter genixcms up to 0.0.8 posts.class.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symantec endpoint protection client 12.1.x lt 12.1 ru6 mp10 14.0.x lt 14.0 ru1 mp1 multiple vulnerabili nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major international airport system access sold for 10 on dark web researchers from the mcafee advanced infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do not save your userid and password in your browser window. okay and the is better fs0c131y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doky is now a linux foundation member more about their foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hakin9 robot arm kit features a raspberry pi hat linuxgizmos infosec hacking raspberrypi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a curious tale of the priest the broker the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter atlassian admins your struts 2 patch has landed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in his latest blog abdhariri details multiple bugs in oracle virtualbox exposed through 3d acceleration and the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crei_1 thanks that second site is hosted at using the wordpress software from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mike_colson thank you for the kind words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'their mongodb creds are also online posted by somebody named as an intern.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt epakskape we d love everyone s feedback on the criteria msftsecresponse uses to determine what windows vulnerability reports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dzone shoutout to the sponsors of the 2018 guide to containers: aquasecteam chef cloudfoundry diamanticom oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 linux remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4245-1 imagemagick security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nork hackers lazarus brought back to life by applejeus to infect macs for the first time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damienernst1 we re glad you like the windows 10 spotlight images do you have a favorite one yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami wget alas-2018-1040 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meineve it is tor browser protects against tracking.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd phpmyadmin remote code inclusion and xss scripting 17cb6ff3-7670-11e8-8854-6805ca0b3d42 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tinysecex how to debug windows 10 arm64 kernel with qemu a blog from our' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web apps and servers using javascript are vulnerable to redos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sonick_14 zackwhittaker thanks for pointing it out i will let you know but if you have the icloud password you c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 calamares 2016-5c7e9b8778 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday december 9th 2016 fri dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'run the in april update azure set sqlthreat_detection generally available' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-7278 information disclosure vulnerability type vulnerability microsoft inte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel double-free memory error in midi driver lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an attachment in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update qemu-kvm on sl6.x i386 x86_64 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen wyden urges ban of adobe flash for gov use threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paladin cyber introduces paladin browser protection as google chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mortlock_14 ah gotcha are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'g33kspeed vyrus001 beerbikesbacon the should have been a partnership opportunity i offered to brainstorm inst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripwireinc unprotected mongodb databases wiped and held for ransom by attacker via dmbisson security infos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update openslp suse-su-2018:1916-1 nessus plugin id 110972 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the error establishing database connection in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how post office turns social media insights into sales infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers hackers have broken into a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the month in wordpress may 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows media center 6.1.7600 ehshell.exe xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pale moon browser use-after-free topic pale moon browser use-after-free risk high text: exploit ti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my private tutor website builder script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'best hacking tools of 2017 for windows linux and os x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked emails passwords and private messages exposed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'costoons ah gotcha are you working on any cool projects with windows 10 these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm ims enterprise suite data provider up to 3.2.0.0 on microsoft .net privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2569-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrandalll ah gotcha learn more about the latest windows features here let us know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uscert trending google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_8_0-openjdk opensuse-2018-641 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix restbyinode advisory suid_advisory.asc iv97852 iv97957 iv97958 iv97959 iv98013 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 10 security vulnerabilities that broke the world wide web in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover new worlds windows10 creators update will bring mixed reality within reach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update imagemagick opensuse-2018-598' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt edgeroute i m teaching building an appsec program with owasp at appsecusa i ll show how owasp projects are broken down i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripkucera velocityconf kyork20 netrainc ceo on stage now talking kubernetes hpe and gpus on oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell hp lexmark brother printers vulnerable to attackers report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ars technica risk assessment muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elreychopper can you check your chrome dashboard to see if there s anything listed under bookmarks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer mshtml cdispnode::insertsiblingnode use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edhans hi ed we d like to look into the is there an error message when you re trying to play videos on chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities e78732b2-8528-11e8-9c42-6451062f0f7a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'francoisdigitel you could say its otter-ly adorable how has the rest of your windows experience been francois' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cburritoboss ah gotcha how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to attritionorg wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 uwsgi 2018-04b3af1edf nessus plugin id 111235 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to permanently disable windows defender' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4232-1 xen security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'while obvious but still a problem today let s have some fun with passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-browser compatibility it s still a thing and now super easy to test across every os amp browser combo:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nogribin pretty cool right have any other apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps stealing passwords published in the google play store a team of engineers from intel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how authentic8 cloud browser can provide a secure platform for soc noc cert teams featuring sans' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8650 the mpi_powm function in lib mpi mpi-pow.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 does not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erpscan-16-037 sap netweaver as java p4 information disclosure fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4278-1 jetty9 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office nuka cola thirst zapper lunchbox zap that thirst it s a standard metal lunchbox infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ulffrisk kaslrfinder writeup windows 10 kaslr recovery with tsx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hunthenning that s great hobie are you enjoying any other features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zacks cyren cyrn receives average recommendation of strong buy from brokerages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansdefense live amp online prep for the gcwn certifygiac sec505 securing windows amp powershell automation is 6 days of conte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poppedcollar69 oh no have you tried all the steps in the guide to repair chrome if it s crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'never forget your logins again with a password manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows com session moniker privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to find and delete files older than x days in linux ostechnix it is very important to find and cleanup y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot strikes talos and flashpoint respond the blog post was authored by ben baker edmund infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'privacyint futureofprivacy bigbrother__usa uk tax agency hmrc has recorded the voice tracks of 5.1 million brit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colinrice15 google hi colin we d like to look into your issue what error message do you see when you try to browse on chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans upcoming advanced pentest webcastweaponizing browser-based memory leak bugsby steph3nsimsthursday au' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proof-of-concept exploit published shortly after disclosure of critical apache struts 2 flaw scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews 123456 leads the top worst passwords of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unix linux running processes information nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip big-ip spdy and http 2 profile vulnerability sol01587042 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2017:0175 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kinowords hey there we wanted to check in how is your device currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday adobe flash metadata parsing out-of-bounds read exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update aubio opensuse-2018-651' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8249 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when internet explorer improperly accesses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress up to 4.7.2 youtube url embedding wp-includes embed.php cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'friends romans windowsinsiders lend us your ears wip build 17713 is ready with massive improvements across the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brandpost the case for multi-factor authentication wherever users connect for years passwords have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in encryption push chrome flags http sites as non secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity network security worried about cybersecurity insist on long passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'philsarin got it the issue has been reported in chrome bug tracker and our team is working on it you can follow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christieadams23 hi there is the for our referral program or as part of wordads for the referral program we su' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp warns free google drive backups are not end-to-end encrypted security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fb inboxer 1.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 linux browsers you probably haven t heard of other than firefox and chrome there are tons of browsers out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday february 10th 2017 fri feb 10th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'resolving the shortage of women and minorities in cyber it and infosec careers diversification is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7892 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms cve-2017-5345 sql injection vulnerability genixcms cve-2017-5345 sql injection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rguice_writer that s music to our ears which windows apps and features are helping stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weekly update 13 the week begins with the biggest of big breaches the one that finally broke the big infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4257-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re live now join us for a demo of our new security service for office 365 cisco advanced phishing protection.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter lastpass squashes three bugs in password manager extensions for google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress file deletion vulnerability could allow site takeover and code execution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle applications dba 12.2.6 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air apsb16-08 multiple unspecified integer overflow vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lisashambrook hi there what s your site s address so we can have a look' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ready to protect your network from risks make your vulnerabilities visible start your free nessus trial now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat nio nio2 connector management flaw lets remote users access other user s sessions in certain cases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are permalinks in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update xmlrpc on sl7.x noarch nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'valerieflames gotcha thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going at the momen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability hp ucmdb browser cve-20' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter a vulnerability in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution rss generated with fetchrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for july 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 55.0.2883.75 multiple vulnerabilities macos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ftpshell client 5.22 remote buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 thunderbird elsa-2018-2251' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 python cesa-2018:2123 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 qemu-kvm euleros-sa-2018-1201 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update flash and adobe acrobat now nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'according to the germany amp 39 s federal office for information security more than 6 000 online store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vysecurity def con told speakers the year we would be presenting from chromebooks amp needed to prep pdf versions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google blocks chrome extension installations from 3rd-party sites thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lukasstefanko t-mobile secures all passwords very carefully .using base64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libquicktime suse-su-2017:0610-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shiaoqu17 extensions which microsoft office 2016 registered as a default handler after a fresh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8963 use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 're the linux network vulnerability i think there s some devils in the details i.e not that serious in most configs it appears.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap trex 7.10 directory traversal vulnerability sap trex 7.10 directory traversal vulnerability14 nov 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is the tor browser how it works and how protects your identity csoonline' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monstra cms authenticated arbitrary file upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity slammer worm slithers back online to attack ancient sql servers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_sn0ww password policy of 4 characters i guess mr smith password is 1234' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sunday is nationaldogday amp we d love to see photos of your canine cutie as a tribute to our netsuite oracle c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ernmander the passwords were found in a breach or breaches that an external security agency identified to us that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft loves linux so much its onedrive web app runs like a dog on windows os rivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iweantmad oh no have you tried the steps in the guide to repair chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability microsoft windows gdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us senate just voted to let isps sell your web browsing data without permission' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joeyndlovu sounds like a good time to us which other features are you enjoying in windows 10 joseph' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks i apologize that the time the messages are _supposed_ to disappear rather than just vanish get stuck or get off the pot.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 creators update brings new security capabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'outstanding foia to the fbi for bronies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows alpc access control flaw lets local users obtain system privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 thunderbird cesa-2018:2251 nessus plugin id 111356 with high severity synopsis the remote centos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'court blocks fcc s attempt to take a broadband subsidy away from tribal areas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google has done a lot of browser security innovation in the browser during these years ten years ago we had no sa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 tips amp tricks for wi-fi amp networking networkworld idginsider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 54 bookmark handler cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 curl alas-2018-1052 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to sandrokeil priyanshu_itech wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle flexcube universal banking multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7287 ms16-145 microsoft edge scripting engine remote code execution i 3204062 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehosp congratulations to adriana torres senior vice president for oraclehosp and oraclefoodbev support on being award' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases chrome 67 patches 34 bugs adds spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hinesamandaj sounds like fun are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6678 configuration environment manipulation vulnerability in the administrative interface in mcafee web' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow 1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec itech b2b script 4.28 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwordmanager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-638 apple os x windowserver xregistercursorwithdata memory corruption privilege escalation vulne zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6353 incomplete fix local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 libvirt cesa-2018:1929' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt epakskape some interesting wpad hardening changes started showing up in windows 10 build 17692 fast ring thanks to metr0 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new office of american innovation let s give trump credit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbls flex cms 0.7.2 sql injection cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation exp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'event sourcing vs blockchain the axon framework enables developers to easily write java applications infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for thursday december 8th 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday june 19th 2018 tue jun 19th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress wp google map plugin multiple sql injection s fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'britannica insights is a chrome extension to fix false google results wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fast-spreading mirai worm disrupts uk broadband providers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tqbf in the analysis lvh takes it a step further since the password you use for your keys is one you have to regular' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp facebook apple to be targeted by new eu privacy rules infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all wordpress cyber monday deals huge savings cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss enterprise application platform 7.0 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesassjacket that s great how have you been enjoying windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '48 organizations now have access to every brit s browsing hstory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle plans to switch businesses to subscriptions for java se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 ruby tcpdump phsa-2017-0034 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so long and thanks for all the fixes erpscan left out of credits on oracle bug-bash list theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability sap internet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global antivirus software market 2018 insights avast software symantec mcafee and avg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1332 apache storm version 1.0.6 and earlier 1.2.1 and earlier and version 1.1.2 and earlier expose a vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fjreis balgan not always ask hdontwit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us at socsummit where socologize of splunk will show how to start automating processes so your soc can tru' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starting page 1.3 link_req_2.php category name url description email sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox scammers have made 500 000 by just emailing victims their passwords from previous breaches and then bullshitting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc exploit for critical apache struts flaw found online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamanthonyball we re glad you re enjoying the windows spotlight images anthony how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jkprising we re glad everything s resolved are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited keep your wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bengree09610306 allow us to help ben can you tell us which version of windows you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'terrible passwords outlawed in microsoft s new azure tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syed_dawoodshah that s an impressive amount of time what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansdefense live amp online prep for the gcwn certifygiac sec505 securing windows amp powershell automation is 6 days of conte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fraudsters swiping cloned cards abroad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecure mongodb configuration leads to boom in ransom attacks anomali' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home chromecast leak location information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4144 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce linux kernel information disclosure via kvm em_x_far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat patches important security vulnerabilities thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to disable most flash content in its edge browser hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taiwan brokerage firms receive ddos threats demanding ransom darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7427 the broadcast mode replay prevention the broadcast mode replay prevention functionality in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3498 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-3498 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simprecicchiani hi simone we d like to look into it could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl5.x sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cprofiler profiler 2.9.2 is out windows 10 heap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xtrabackup opensuse-2017-132 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libvorbis opensuse-2018-722 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i spent some time banging away at a recently decertified winvote machine: running windows xp no service packs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'laurelworlds understood let s have you learn how to change the size of text in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trekkie hi tom it s been a while since we heard from you i hope your concerns were address by our support team.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security bulletins posted for flash player digital editions and adobe campaign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt symantecemail icymi dlp cloud service for email protects email on office 365 gmail and exchange with best-of-breed email secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris critical patch update jul2018_sru11_3_31_6_0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi corporations at risk of malware attack via cisco s webex chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidjwbailey pretty cool right are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarebytes browser extension blocks malware scams ads amp trackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checkpointsw faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeofanas those are excellent choices we re glad you noticed have you tried edge on your mobile device yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2994 apsb17-04 adobe flash player use after free remote code execution iv mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast 7 27 1pm est register to learn about microsoft unified endpoint security platform mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our kernel hardening project is all about finding ways to avoid abuse of the linux the kernel more here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component onisquotes 2.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hack apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add sticky posts for categories in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aeroengineer1 great we appreciate it your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dublinbert wonderful views amp great attendance at the oraclemktgcloud campaignmag canneslions roundtable lunch today gwr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marketemprende we thrilled to hear that everything has been sorted how are you liking the latest version of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows powershell xxe information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'millennials are going to extreme lengths to share streaming passwords and companies are missing out on millions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt socialwiz experts examine asia s approach to cybersecurity via brookingsinst video the internet as another domain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple-sa-2018-06-01-7 itunes 12.7.5 for windows fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update libvirt suse-su-2018:1614-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-0322 a vulnerability in the web management interface of cisco prime collaboration provisioning pcp could' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt th3j35t3r ever wondered why you never heard of bruce ohr before trump brought him up now you gotta ask yourself who gave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows zero-day vulnerability disclosed through twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news whatsapp malware targets indian android users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'themaxsandelin what did you tried so far are you on windows jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jagotu windows 10 introduced a new feature called tbal that accidentaly backdoors dpapi for home users by storing crede' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officescan xg 11.0 unauthorized change prevention bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you need a password manager and what could happen if you don t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tootimusic music to our ears how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker apologizes for talktalk and post office ddos attack says it was an accident' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt clickbyclick how to win at aws:1 extra battery2 extra coffee3 roll in style with oraclefreerides reinvent2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component modern booking 1.0 coupon parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a customer reviews page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fakesapp a vulnerability in whatsapp infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reninsane ah nice when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you an android forums user resets your passwords databreach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews new google developer jaffathecake discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers that could allow remote attac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vivaldi 1.5 becomes the first browser that can control your home s smart lights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5579 remote security vulnerability fusion middleware cve-2016-5579' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how hack on 10 000 wordpress sites was used to launch an epic malvertising campaign crooks exploited infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows settings shortcuts settingcontent-ms files can be abused to run malicious code on windows 10 computers.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity ios vulnerabilities writeups github repo mobilesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drmcdowall welcome to windows 10 which features are you currently enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trainingmindful thank you for the excellent article the points raised on enlightenment and religious views are e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2017:0086 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webrtc vp9 missing frame processing out-of-bounds memory access packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt conservancy mutual agreement to part ways with bro_ids after a successful partnership' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'subrion cms 4.2.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'buying sap is like buying an f1 car it s super powerful and exciting you also don t get the engineers or driver w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps netman 204 backdoor account password reset exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps media search engine script search parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 git elsa-2018-1957 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shoobeedoo2 wordpress hi please send us an official report via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perfect storm in making over new tough regulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 6 java-1.6.0-ibm rhsa-2017:0338' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office vulnerabilities chained to deliver backdoor a recently observed malicious campaign is abusing two infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'booksandbaby93 hey alyssa we are sorry to hear that was the a windows update or a dell drivers updates do sha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jleyden by me theregister superprof schooled after assigning weak passwords to tutors lt - super' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news recent wordpress flaw exploited to deface more than 1.5 million web sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 7 readykernel-patch vza-2018-050 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps gr8 gallery script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi 13 vulnerabilities in flash 29 in reader acrobat w today s adobe patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wordpressvip join us in london on thursday 13 september at the next bigwp event for enterprise-level users of wordpress and th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gao tigta call out it shortcomings at irs the tax agency s acquisition processes broader information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hijacked home broadband routers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0167 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iplayforls1 that s awesome how long have you been gaming on windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers that hit mongodb installs now switch on exposed elasticsearch elasticsearch ran' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee enterprise security manager privilege escalation cve-2016-8006' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asparklinglady ah gotcha windows will never proactively reach out to you to provide unsolicited pc or technical' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 suricata 2017-f9f3a78148 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::execute script uri use-after-free ms13-0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onapsis sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'torbrowser firefox remote use-after-free fbi s exploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp scam is dangerously dumb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gian_spri2 great how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec flippa website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp balks at india s demand to break encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skia skscan::fillpath heap overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recordedfuture cahlberg experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was publi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. cookcountydhsem infosec office is teaming up w anomali to support local governments in fighting cyberattacks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'old linux kernel code execution bug patched threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip let go of attachments and send files faster with nearby sharing new in windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove everbe virus restore . thunderhelp airmail.cc .thunder files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and python ftp attacks can punch holes through firewalls networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rishavmaiti hi rishav just to confirm have you tried restarting your device also are you seeing any error messages when chrome crashes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce dotclear spoofing of password reset page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu gnome 17.04 final beta features gnome 3.24 with night light flatpak 0.8' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update libzypp zypper suse-su-2018:2555-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for exchange august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cselection interact button behavior::_u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcdrhonda oracle_uki dyn well done tom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sousou clear linux is a linux distro created by intel intel has created many linux distros but what s different' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nicolablackwood i m disappointed you re not representing your constituents the is going to bite you and other mps in the bum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azzychill that s amazing are you working on any interesting projects on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the solution to weak passwords while quite obvious is worth stating always change any default password with a uni' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the water in the wild the world s best swimming holes are floating your way with the 18-image windows theme.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smb zero-day exploit released after microsoft failed to issue patch for three months graeme.burtonincisiv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability adobe flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse acquires hpe openstack cloud technology and talent eweek hpe sells its openstack cloud and cloud foundr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hardenedlinux elk with bro-based application layer packet classifier bro_ids elk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases remote push to install feature in windows 10 store app microsoft has brought their infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jjcolosi thanks for sticking with us john can we help you navigate your way around windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'progun1corn thanks for sharing your excitement with us have you created any masterpieces with windows ink we d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps complain management system sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in encryption push chrome flags http sites as not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stormcloud 2017 see me speaking in london january 2017 i m going to be delivering a keynote threats infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t forget to stop by the linux foundation booth at scale15x expo hall the friday to learn what s new in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure topic davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure risk medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt renefreingruber just released a new blogpost pentester s windows ntfs tricks collection including cve-2018-1036 windows ntfs el' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'takas classified cogeigniter php classified ad script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 notepad is getting updated with modern features in the week s windows 10 insider preview infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users mozilla released a new version of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gods10rules windows what does the error message say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-7464 it was found that the jaxp implementation used in jboss eap 7.0 for sax and dom parsing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the winnti gang continues its activity and leverages github for c amp c communications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update samba suse-su-2018:2321-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-005 critical security update for adobe flash player 4010250 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi here is a free app to limit windows 10 collecting your telemetry and send it to microsoft amp 3rd parties:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps video site creator script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201806-06 chromium google chrome user-assisted execution of arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hiteshdixit952 that s excellent we appreciate insiders like you how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft declares summer s windows 10 upgrade fit for business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apsb17-04 adobe flash player use after free remote code execution iii' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about the iabtechlab s om sdk a collaborative effort with oracledatacloud s moat comscore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cmarkup::reloadincompatview use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy support tools 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hyounpark data pump and goldengate are important aspects of oracle s long-time strategy of owning enterprise data gravity in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 sqlite 2018-8d8f0e1643 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update perl suse-su-2018:1992-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn about the top host based intrusion detection hids tools available today download our whitepaper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libplist opensuse-2017-230' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'datlazydesigner hi mathieu could you check here chrome: version amp confirm the version of chrome you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drive-by web nasty unmasks tor browser users mozilla dashes to patch zero-day vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewn787 glad to hear everything s running smoothly now how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kerriwfxl nothing like a little sunbeam to brighten up your screen right how has the rest of your windows experience been kerri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8248 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft excel software when the softw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig modbus 3.4 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find flaw in whatsapp researchers at israeli cybersecurity firm checkpoint said wednesday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-0119 uniscribe in microsoft windows vista sp2 uniscribe in microsoft windows vista sp2 window' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to yo9fah dalerapp artem_i_baranov wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexlopezpalma that s strange alejandro could you try updating google chrome to the latest version and see if th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-7266 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 excel 2010 sp2 excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server bugs let remote users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt liamosaur ibmblockchain so you re using the blockchain to re-introduce company scrip it takes a lot of vision to re-invent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 patch rhsa-2018:2092 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86_x64 mkdir ajit 755 shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin mfsbgn03812 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nintendo switch hacked less than two weeks after launch via old browser exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud imagine not having to carry wallets credit cards or room keys during your holiday meliahotelsint and oracle tur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases security updates for flash player but two disclosed flaws remain fl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15876 an issue was discovered in the ajax-bootmodal-login plugin 1.4.3 for wordpress the register form' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to block cryptojacking in the firefox browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. john_fokker and christiaanbeek attended the trial for the two brothers behind coinvault the two brothers have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maliciousapps have been a consistent problem for the google playstore so a new detection model was released to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ronindey atm machine destroyed by ratvia whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts firefox vulnerability usn-3682-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel path_openat function use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability backups meant sfmta didn t infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5928 the w3c high resolution time api as implemented in various web browsers does not consider that mem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tariff war of words with china resulting in cyberattacks against the u.s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8104 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2015-8104 denial of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoho password manager vault a story of where not to store keys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tarah i am proud to say that i ve started at splunk as senior director of both data trust and threat amp vulnerability man' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brendanhoar right i love the keep it in a box in another room nah bro imma put it on the table.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2151-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ext4 image local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security google chrome download filetype blacklist bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8924 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in title tootip in synology office before 3.0.3-2143 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware vsphere data protection 5.5.x 5.8.x 6.0.x 6.1.x ssh key weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday b2b alibaba clone script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install git on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse and microsoft announce enterprise linux kernel for azure a new announcement has been made in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'penetm hmm okay let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tjz1100 we re glad to hear things are running smoothly how is the rest of your windows experience going at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browserautofill feature can leak your personal information to hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lolailolei we suggest contacting your institute for further information about locked features how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to deploy node.js applications with pm2 and nginx on ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2010-5328 include linux init_task.h in the linux kernel before 2.6.35 does not prevent signals with a process' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'build a secure javascript app in 20 minutes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jicebee hi jean could you try updating google chrome to the latest version and see if that helps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts cve-2018-11776 exploit python' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tip for darknet drug lords don t wear latex gloves to the post office fentanyl merchant was good at tor infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3678-4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 48.0.2540.0 dev-m blink::node buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 perl-dbd-mysql 2016-bf6c3ea62c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'preparing for the lfcs exam or want to learn how to manage linux on azure open source summit offers training cour' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4256-1 chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-1517 a flaw in the java.math component in ibm sdk java technology edition 6.0 7.0 and 8.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imperial commercial cooking equipment sqli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avast_antivirus researchers discovered nearly 145 apps available on the google play store contained malicious microsoft windows exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to set up apache virtual hosts on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt databaseguru larry makes a strong case for oracle autonomous database based on zero human operational activity and zero planned' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edwanmusic we couldn t agree more which programs are you running most often in windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xieish i assure you it is his real name i was hoping to hear back from betty declined but alas that never happened' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4276-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu makes public desktop metrics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwn2own 2017 experts hack edge safari ubuntu bug bounty hunters have managed to hack microsoft edge infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers retire awaiting offer of 10 000 bitcoins for cache of exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux arm execve amp amp quot bin sh amp amp quot amp amp quot bin sh amp amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cpaste command::convert bitmapto png heap-based buffe exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.35 lts hits the streets with x86 improvements updated drivers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel starter 2010 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1468-1 fuse security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ksmahuvagara thanks for being a part of it kirit how has your windows experience been recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ahnaolu that s odd have you also tried uninstalling amp reinstalling chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the chrome extension that firesheeps you by choice the chrome extension shares your session tokens infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password a hacker is selling infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the linux kernel hardening project has 5 000 developers working on 25 million lines of code want to know how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tweetiepiemedia hi there what happens when you try loading pages in chrome do you see an error message let us know we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'muddywater malware attack launch powershell script to open backdoor in windows pc via ms word document infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.18 move_pages information leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for apache tomcat original release date july 23 2018 the apache infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for windows 10 windows server 2016 august 2018 spectre meltdown foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a simple staff list in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'restorator 1793 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-856-1 tzdata new upstream version nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonwalkow ah okay we re glad to hear everything is sorted now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clivevlewis excellent choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to nextweblinkcom edgarulloa srita_karen wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a loop in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'komalwaseem hmm what version of chrome are you using to check open chrome amp type in chrome: version keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbromileydfir thanks i was feeling so lonely beforehand but now it s like i ve acquired so many new friends who are eager to speak to me.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking mcafee total protection 2017 got a brand-new ui review updated to reflect it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress mobile app builder by wappress plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7463 jboss brms 6 and bpm suite 6 before 6.4.3 are vulnerable to a reflected xss via artifact upload a ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the quantum computing cyber storm is coming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adrienneksmith there is not dedicated support team for the wordpress installation it s an open source project ve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress responsive thumbnail slider plugin arbitrary file upload exploit 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk rest endpoint lets remote users obtain potentially sensitive information on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maskeregen hello what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv byp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9532 debian_linux libtiff' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14581 redgate .net reflector before 10.0.7.774 and smartassembly before 6.12.5 allow attacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenda d-link tp-link dhcp cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narasin72992980 we re elated that you re enjoying windows 10 thus far how long have you been a windows user for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 mysql photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0040' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 kernel cesa-2018:1852' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress limolabs 1.0.0 remote password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle apply out-of-band patch for database flaw asap flaw in the java vm component of oracle s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1463-1 sam2p security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'studiorolend you re too nice thanks for the kind words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle database server 12.1.0.2 ojvm remote code execution vulnerability oracle database server is prone to a remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb shellcode linux arm read 0 buf 0xff stager execve bin sh null null shellcode 28 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to undo changes in wordpress with post revisions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla fastball 3.2.8 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee epolicy orchestrator csv file handling arbitrary command execution sb10227' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox following zcash transactions it seems money sent to the shadow brokers for the amounts the group was asking for t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cgit cgit_clone_objects directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware carries valid digital signatures the roi on the cost of stolen certificates makes the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medical clinic website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux fans can now use opera a web browser that will change your programming experience find out more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerabilities in mcafee enterprise system gives hacker root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 thunderbird vulnerabilities usn-3141-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benjaminwittes the president just announced he was revoking johnbrennan s security clearance here s an excellent explainer on wh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update glibc suse-su-2018:1562-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news bad news exim hole was going to be patched on xmas day good news keyword was' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you hear linuxcon containercon cloudopen china keynote videos are live check them out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djgeoffe looks great geoffrey are you currently using windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the bot keep opening my eyes five years ago whatsapp was not yet mainstream' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0039' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 're oss-security docker 1.12.6 security advisory fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts libreoffice vulnerability usn-3210-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome stable channel update for desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for august 1 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 expat elsa-2016-2824' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arpitnext hi there the was an intentional change to improve privacy with the latest chrome for android update y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity self-protection is key to linux kernel security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco nx-os cisco fabric services multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleexadata how do oracleexadata oraclecloud and the autonomous oracledatabase all fit together to drive transformation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'penlex mind if we jump in lex have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday easy web search 3 id parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen hypervisor multiple vulnerabilities xsa-191 xsa-198 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sp3akzy we appreciate your loyal support what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use gnu bc basic calculator in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trishahm what browser are you using does the same issue happen with a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'buddhaelement hello we re glad things are performing well for you how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the guardian slammed whatsapp for security backdoor it s actually just standards encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blavity police held ving rhames at gunpoint in his own home after a neighbor told 911 that a large black man had broken i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.7.x lt 4.7.2 rest api id parameter privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'make sure you get your limited edition bot t-shirt from oracle dyn stand c230 just ask one of our experts about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown cmo management considerations for remote staff marketing cmo talent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office vulnerabilities chained to deliver backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome multiple security vulnerabilities google chrome multiple security vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.15 2.4.x lt 2.4.7 2.6.x lt 2.6.1 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t miss the early access action get the details on the halowars2 ultimate edition t for windows10 amp xbox:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.6.6 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure library loading code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. cisco patched a hardcoded password vulnerability found in their pcp software learn how the software works and h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts imagemagick vulnerabilities usn-3711-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft july security updates mostly browser-related microsoft patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevin_harms awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with your phone app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 postgresql phsa-2018-1.0-0122 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arredondobalta extremely are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle flexcube universal banking multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mwanamonduli thanks for being a fan mwana how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebuie hello update your browser and some bugs are fixed mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1442-1 mailman security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenamesrev we like your style how long have you been a windows gamer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jukelennings finally got round to releasing part two thought i d use the excellent ghostpack by specterops harmj0y as an exam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how a new securityflaw affects oracle micros pos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you want to meet the best and brightest osdevs from the linux foundation and our partners join us at the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swordofomen cybergibbons securelyfitz isn t it convenient that there is a root console by default attached to dw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps delux same day delivery script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-7278 microsoft internet explorer 9 through 11 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qwertyoruiopz exactly my thoughts the isn t the 1st 2nd 3rd or 40 000 000 time a mcafee associated compani' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firehol 3.0.2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows limited bypass of traverse permissions in kernel object manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq novel contributions to the field how i broke mysql s codebase part 2 cve-2016-5541 mysql infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segmentsmack critical tcp vulnerability found in linux 4.9 triggers dos attack recently a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a critical remote code-execution vulnerability in apache struts 2 is threatening a wide range of applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2016:3221-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fakesapp a vulnerability in whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'websites can now track you online across multiple web browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itechscripts freelancer script 5.11 sk parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. spovolny shares details on a recent information leak reported in windows10 within the clipboard paste function' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dyn want to learn how to use the new oracle internet intelligence map sign up for our free webinar on july 19:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb hackers now sacking elasticsearch theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt talossecurity exploitable or not exploitable using reven to examine a null pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the tale of settingcontent-ms files office socialengineering pentest vuln exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cmeiyee_ hi there check out the guide about repairing chrome when it s not responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass in jung' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog us congress candidates use office 365 or google suite and turn on multi-factor authentication for you and all y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database disclosed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0494-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-817-1 libphp-phpmailer security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7039 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast join sans mbromileydfir as he explores virustotal threathunting tool yara sign up here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bad bug found in microsoft browsing code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability wind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress filedownload plugin cve-2015-1000003 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1418-1 bouncycastle security update nessus plugin id 110948 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter softmaker freeoffice 2010 2016 installer freeoffice2016.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4228-1 spip security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a plea to presenters using powerpoint etc please consider that people in the audience may be colour blind and may' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows xp still widespread among healthcare providers nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2018-668' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache qpid broker-j maximum message size processing bug lets remote users cause the target service to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to triggerblogging linuxaria wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mysql cluster 7.2.x lt 7.2.26 multiple dos january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dimitribest man-in-the-browser mitb overlaying with phishing and redirectors malware for android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms isweb 3.5.3 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drupal rce exploit cve-2018-7600 broken macros pastebin xss vulnerability podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'women remain underrepresented in cybersecurity profession we fully agree with gabrielmariya s words that gender' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epic_milo hi there we d like to look into it could you download and install google chrome from here and see if i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password 6.5 arrives with a native apple watch app and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3770-1 mariadb-10.0 security update pgp signed message-----hash sha512-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof thought it was a good idea to make users passwords super their first name.superprof private tutor si' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neos07 thanks for doing that the feedback you provide allows us to make windows even better how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10088 the sg implementation in the linux kernel through 4.9 does not properly restrict write operations i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclelinux what is the connection between alzheimers disease melting ice and robotic parts loic le guisquet asks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serious security vulnerabilities found in some of android s most popular password manager apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 ipsilon 2016-b465090499 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt directoryranger windows security auditing toolbox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle financial services applications flaws let remote users access and modify data and remote authen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9178 the _get_user_asm_ex macro in arch x86 include asm uaccess.h in the linux kernel befor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ju2ef thanks for doing that your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password for android 6.5.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.6.6 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4233-1 bouncycastle security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-2779 runuser in util-linux allows local users to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledx put innovation on hyperdrive with ai and ml powered cloud great smb blog post by prtanu and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt phreaklets great read on a fascinating slice of hacker history h t riskybusiness and metlstorm from the week s podcast hi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0011 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-8657 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable trackbacks and pingbacks on existing wordpress posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk in terms of delivering public cloud infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with new haveibeenpwned integration firefox and 1password users will be able to learn if their email addresses h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle a healthy mix of work and play keeps the mundane away the hr family at oracle bangalore gets together for a superh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new foreshadow side-channel attacks amp what to do about them microsoft shares recommendations to help windows ser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleeppm kicking off our trailblazers series real_djwilson of bechtel shares his views on driving innovation in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8464 an elevation of privilege vulnerability in the broadcom wi-fi driver could enable a local malicious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use debian want intel s latest cpu patch small print sparks big problem theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 pre anniversary privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux linux-ti-omap4 vulnerability usn-3218-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security daily deals script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vu 846103 sungard etrakit3 may be vulnerable to sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'websector.ge cms sql injection amp admin page bypass cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atharexplores that s fantastic when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a visual editor in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just wonder discover only microsoft edge has cortana built in learn more about the faster safer browser:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt geminicollision pptsapper twitter is too important to be left to the generals.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 procps-ng euleros-sa-2018-1198 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide to wordpress database management with phpmyadmin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vialzzz we d love to help you out which version of windows are you trying to download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows loaduvstable buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleexadata oraclesoar is a fast amp easy way for our customers to achieve the benefits of new technology like ai and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charlestell117 t_chevalier does that text look weird to you looks ok in gtranslate didn t find the in hg pontoon moztransvision ny' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bank official s whatsapp account hacked forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kickasstorrents ex-staffers brought the torrent site back from the dead' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'every windows 10 in-place upgrade even with sccm is a severe security risk part ii' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt circl_lu teamviewer stores a password in unicode format within teamviewer.exe process memory between 00 88 and 00 00 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd graphicsmagick multiple vulnerabilities 25f73c47-68a8-4a30-9cbc-1ca5eea4d6ba nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3145-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google outs chrome os 67 to fix spectre v2 on arm chromebooks add new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24 nessus plugin id 110979 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium cve-2016-7266 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 excel 2010 sp2 excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud with slow gdp growth ceos must pursue global transformation strategies to take market share markvhurd cloudworld https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp with that one says backdoor the other says feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sabre selects red hat openshift container platform to support its next generation platform helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2018-689 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flawlessgr excellent what kind of games will you be playing on it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd saying hello to the talented oracle digital team in bogota oraclecol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update mutt on sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:2268 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we ve got a big one on the line reel in 16 images of simple pleasure with the fishing spot theme for windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt packet_storm phpmyadmin 4.x remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off siteground get a free domain 12 hours left wordpress cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter backdoor in whatsapp s end-to-end encryption leaves messages open to interception' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huge shout out to our detect18 platinum sponsors flashpointintel grantthornton soc_prime visa zscaler discov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat keycloak cve-2016-8609 session hijacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln internet explorer cve-2009-3270 denial-of-service vulnerability explorer cve-2009-3270 denial-of-s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities oracle sun zfs storage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7754 the aoedisk_debugfs_show function in drivers block aoe aoeblk.c in the linux kernel thro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in cisco webex chrome plugin tue jan 24th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'okgetsu hi there let s try these steps go to settings on your device gt apps gt chrome gt clear cache close the app then reload does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to stop malicious browser add-ons from taking root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libgme suse-su-2016:3250-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0162 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'babylonslament woohoo hope you re enjoying windows so far.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jevaaler hi jens have a look at the guide about repairing chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities linux kernel maintainers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat ansible engine 2.6 enables cloud network and windows automation helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp vulnerable to backdoor spying report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to protect your organization against 5 common browser security threats infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity news in brief snowden supporters petition obama ios onion browser free bank bans whatsapp infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 thunderbird-enigmail 2018-eacf5a9ce8 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'furkanbersisdev ah okay what do you use windows for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe php flaw threatening wordpress sites remains unpatched after a year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no andy aws and oracle aren t in a database death match put the tape measure away boys aws re:invent infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link archer c2 router 3.0 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap sld registration denial of service overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a privacy policy in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt variety hollywood goes open source academy teams up with linux foundation to launch academy software foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flash player remains main target of exploit kits report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter good luck to the us supreme court in eliminating a supremely unjust misuse of patent law' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microso bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap travel management cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt el_grillo1 greed corruption ego ex-cia intel officer explains why russian operatives saw trump as the perfect mark' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dontclickonthat looking for a secure way to keep track of all those passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt megrb celebrating nationaldogday representing oracle netsuite vistalb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 2017 with great power comes great responsibility linux and open-source software now run the world infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps bull ibm aix clusterwatch watchware multiple vulnerabilities exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cewe photoshow 6.3.4 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add header and footer code in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for july 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt willcunha88 an absolute honor to be given the opportunity to work with cert_division and heinzcollege on such a fantastic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4256-1 chromium-browser security update nessus plugin id 111360 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hosselot google chrome skia skscan::fillpath heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timeless debugging of complex software root cause analysis of a non-deterministic javascriptcore vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update pacemaker opensuse-2016-1447' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hmi ucancode adddworduserproperty buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-1922 qemu aka quick emulator built with the tpr optimization for 32-bit windows guests sup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2276-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious google chrome extension spreads nude celebrity pdf s to facebook a researcher at cyren has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches critical flash player bug with active windows exploit patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft excel object memory handling flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3188-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ripe hd flv player plugin for wordpress multiple script direct request path disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu privacy guard 2.2.10 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201702-30 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secunia research microsoft windows type 1 font processing vulnerability secunia research infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bt and plusnet most moaned about broadband providers again bt and plusnet have once again topped ofcom infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects explorer information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt c_64 another excellent reason to visit the finnish museum of games in tampere i ll combine a trip with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virus scan enterprise for linux remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 bouncycastle 2018-da9fe79871 nessus plugin id 110599 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mrantimoth hegghammer ibnkafka alternatively you could wear a norwegian national costume to ensure that nobody will want to have sex with you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit cve-2018-4192 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wizardofau hi there how is your new device running at the moment we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6968 the vmware airwatch agent for android prior to 8.2 and airwatch agent for windows mobile prior to 6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3226-1 icoutils vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivativ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql 5.6.x lt 5.6.41 multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft boffins think vr visions will rival drugs by 2027 no more search boxes no work benefits and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes report claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and again about storing passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ransomware just added new tricks to spread faster and infect windows xp pcs a change in encryption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecommerce how wegmans built their army of super-fans via pymnts wegmania retail nrf17' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paypal removes magic word from oauth authentication procedure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no password is ever complex enough for today s hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 bitlocker can be bypassed during upgrades microsoft seeking fix mark coppock digital tre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt calliethewestie hey oracle i m callie my mom works for odna it s nice to meet you happy almost nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12260 an issue was discovered on momentum axel 720p 5.1.8 devices the root password can be o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt microsoftteams microsoftteams live events is now in public preview allowing users to plan produce and broadcast events right i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avea_prosper got it let s try performing a browser reset by following these steps after' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 25 worst-of-the-worst most common passwords used in 2016 networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davoset 1.2.9 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 libvirt rhsa-2018:1929' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer delivered though compromized javascript file fri jul 13th yesterday i found an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'goteez hi there try downloading chrome using the link let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter n-idea sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity startup exabeam raises 50 million to be the next splunk exabeam a cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity executive changes nils puhlmann was named chief trust and security officer of twilio a cloud commun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weak passwords are still the root cause of data passwords databreaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enbrown human-trafficking science count sex-workers who list weight as under 115 pounds as children' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dk_effect one year after notpetya and still 936k no-auth smb servers online 54k of them are windows azure exposure is down' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update roundcubemail opensuse-2016-1418 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts jakarata multipart parser bug lets remote users execute arbitrary commands on the targe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xxdewmanxx we like your style when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4255-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 abap injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funny google chromebook ad mocks windows and macos operating systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update bouncycastle opensuse-2018-628' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to manage multiple wordpress sites from a single place using the mainwp plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2012-6704 the sock_setsockopt function in net core sock.c in the linux kernel before 3.5 mishandles negative v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts php7.2 vulnerability usn-3702-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts imagemagick vulnerabilities usn-3711-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rosynamgi hi rosy could you let us know from where you re accessing google chrome ios andriod web keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamesqquick gotcha we think the surface book 2 may be an excellent match we d love to hear what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2246-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a hacker has released an automated exploitation tool for 3 apachestruts vulnerabilities including the latest rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libvirt opensuse-2018-860 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2089-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox multiple flaws let local users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated privile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obrien_keith we re thrilled to hear that you re such a fan keith what are you loving about windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ignorance is bliss an enormous wordpress zero-day has been secretly fixed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg live webinar office 365 amp gmail security measures avoid targeted and account takeover attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siaberry 1.2.2 command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'employee passwords are behind massive security breaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a custom database error page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 protection detection and response against recent depriz malware attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3421 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smbv3 denial of service proof of concept 0 day exploit thu feb 2nd the tweet originally infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android marshmallow on pc falls flat linuxinsider android-x86 lets you run the android os with the google ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9806 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9597 it was found that red hat jboss core services erratum rhsa-2016:2957 for cve-2016-3705 did not actual' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emmabro13 hi emma updates help keep your device safe and secure how is your pc running for you today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join dbelson for a free webinar next week to learn how to use the oracle internetintelligence map:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how google spanner s easing our distributed sql databases woes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee officialmcafee claims 62million of cryptocurrency tokens were taken from an unhackable wallet by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server url normalization denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday manufacturer website design script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chubbuppster hi there are you still having issues with windows update we re here to lend a hand.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'membership site script 1 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'run the in april update azure set sqlthreat_detection generally available' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. docker has patched a privilege escalation vuln that could lead to container escapes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 flash-plugin rhsa-2018:1827' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cbridge_chief iconews i m just checking to see if they wrote a foreword for the cookie notice.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 blink privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress google analytics counter tracker 3.1.5 php object injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-003 security update for adobe flash player 3214628' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 openjdk openjre postgresql phsa-2016-0015 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip want to unleash your inner artist work in three dimensions with the greatest of ease in paint 3d jum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter seig scada system 9 remote code execution topic seig scada system 9 remote code execution risk high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nfs client updates for the linux 4.10 kernel phoronix for users of the network file system there are more n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update go1.9 opensuse-2018-672' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firehol 3.1.6 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:2268' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-149 important security update for microsoft windows 3205655 version 1.0 inf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirgray thanks for the info miranda try restarting your device and reopening google chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'someone hijacking unsecured mongodbdatabases for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt channel4news you ve been found to have broken the law in a very serious way. krishnan guru-murthy challenges facebook after' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'best practices for office365 security whitepaper from alienvault describes activities to watch and how to monit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee announces 100k bounty to anyone who can hack his bitfi wallet amidst the recent wave of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leaky radio devices broadcast chipset data discover researchers nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2095-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap trex 7.10 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ocr software marker abbyy leaked 203 000 sensitive customer documents after it left mongodb server unsecured' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did oracle just sign tape s death warrant depends what no comment means' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexespinasse oh no have you tried the steps in the article to fix chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bsides 2017 matthew domko s alert all the things network baselines alerts with bro scripts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kailash_in that s an epic list are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft windows cve-2017-0038 incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samba 4.3.x lt 4.3.13 4.4.x lt 4.4.8 4.5.x lt 4.5.3 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base suse-su-2017:0242-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sempf great thanks for doing that let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kuninsider we love your excitement when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update recommended update for networkmanager-vpnc suse-su-2018:2297-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dbelson internet disrupted again in mali the time ahead of the anouncement of presidential election results oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt madrobot apache struts apache' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weekly metasploit wrapup i gave at the office the office can be a popular place when it comes to giving infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lukolejnik leaking data from the web browser using malicious battery charge discharge information additional privacy engine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenable nessus up to 6.10.1 file upload directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix provisioning services up to 7.11 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'missbromstein i can look it up with the site url and take a look sooner.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'byod 8 ways to protect your company network from unsecured devices security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt infecteddrake windows 10 introduced a new feature called tbal that accidentaly backdoors dpapi for home users by storing crede' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7783 sql injection vulnerability in sql injection vulnerability in framework core models exprec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aid cve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability oracle peoplesoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 404 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joefairs hi joe could you tell us more about what s happening with google chrome is there an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko google chrome trick of the day try searching the net for s a xc.cx n p c from chrome s omnibox address bar then explain what happens.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proofpoint cloud account defense detects compromised microsoft office 365 accounts helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nca_uk officers discovered 677g of pure carfentanyl in the search.the is the equivalent of millions of lethal doses.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java system solutions sso plugin for bmc myit 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting topic java system solutions sso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epo platform gains insight into threat research' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1446-1 intel-microcode security update spectre nessus plugin id 111359 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0patch releases micropatch for windows task scheduler zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat enterprise linux usb device descriptor local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5548 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass vulnerability google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nailsandmore2 hi there looks like you re using the self-hosted version of wordpress can you please let me know t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe content injection vulnerability on wordpress website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot strikes talos and flashpoint respond ciscosecurity talossecurity security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_business before q2 comes to an end it s time we reflect on what we ve learned about the industry some key findings from ou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ftp_manager a simple script to install and manage ftp server in centos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ivanlef0u how control flow integrity is implemented in windows 10 process hacker 2 cfg support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2428 under certain conditions sap ui5 handler allows an attacker to access information which would otherwi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pickyrunner hm the site isn t hosted here but you can look at post revisions and see if it was a scheduled post.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iniyama thanks for the info can you let us know what version of chrome you re using type in chrome: version in the address bar.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read exploit cve-2018-12827 dos exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter malicious exploit kit targeting internet explorer users on global scale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3137-1 moinmoin vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tuanldang thanks for the info just to confirm have you tried restarting your device and reopen chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle finally targets java non-payers six years after plucking sun thought java was free think infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'six wordpress plugins you should know about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zccernam24xx we re glad you re a fan are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update openssh suse-su-2018:2530-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 18219 is now available with improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-16159 the gift vouchers plugin through 2.0.1 for wordpress allows sql injection via the template_id parame' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the number of ics attacks continues to increase ics hacking scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xkalisec exploit android using kali' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday car workshop system sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therobindp that s music to our ears when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update firefox on sl5.x sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities oracle july 2018 critical patch update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle january 2017 cpu fixes 270 vulnerabilities oracle kicked off the new year with its first infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_product 2.2 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcdonald s is better at flipping burgers than protecting passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to iwebdesigner_it hazemalsehli themesales wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shikhar_pal expert found a zero-day rce in microsoft windows jscript component securityaffairs cybersecurity windowsblog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter global content blocks plugin 2.1.5 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec java python ftp injections allow for firewall bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 52.0.2743.82 multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fancy the new html vsphere client go get it the old one as a security problem virtzilla has one other infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs predicts 14 security developments for 2017 intel security released its mcafee labs 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsckgaming we re happy to hear it which games are you streaming the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why is wordpress free what are the costs what is the catch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9956 debian_linux fedora flightgear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce jboss enterprise application platform buffer overflow via reverse proxy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt royapak what we re seeing now is that the leaders of these tech companies know what words to say but it s their employee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat s christian schwede explains how openstack swift is deployed at large enterprise companies:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update vim suse-su-2016:2938-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup ikev2 vpn using strongswan and let s encrypt on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'practicalgamer we ve come so far since then what has been your favorite change to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hajjflemings the creative capital website co-created with rebrandcities wordpressdotcom if you are an entrepreneur in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip attention is today s currency give what you re working on all it deserves with distraction-free full' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla je k2 multiple form story 1.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news windows snooping patches kb 2952664 kb 2976978 are back again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-13390 unauthenticated access to cloudtoken daemon on linux via network from version 0.1.1 bef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10898 a vulnerability was found in openstack-tripleo-heat-templates before version 8.0.2-40 when' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt letahong fascinating piece by activist shen mengyu who was disappeared on aug 11 after trying to organize a union at her' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons and audio pwm is being used to transfer data in and out sdr style after.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5176 the json viewer displays clickable hyperlinks for strings that are parseable as urls including java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'free open source compliance handbook from linuxfoundation teaches developers and orgs best practices:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zhonghuafy i don t get any errors when typing that username into the login or password-reset screens what browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trueonline billion 5200w-t router unauthenticated command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews apache releases important security updates to patch vulnerabilities in tomcat server versions 7.0.x 8.0.x 8.5.x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt anthonymfreed excellent report check it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new netspectre can attack amp exfiltrate over network without code on victim machine or malicious javascript click' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tr-54 sextortion scam emails i know your password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 redstone 5 build for slow ring insiders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 to get new inprivate desktop security feature microsoft is working on a throwaway sandbox infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2822-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress flaw gives attackers full control over your site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 3.18.7 denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how deep learning is making computers better at guessing your passwords recently researchers from the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tinysecex update my windows-syscall-table project add windows 10 rs4 17134' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news hart invests in open source development with linux foundation gold membership' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new version of windows 10 your phone app allows photo transfer from android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla vik booking 1.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3742-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obey__carter great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good suse-su-2017:0210-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday glink word link script 1.2.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it biz embezzlement brouhaha leaves bloke with 456k migraine backer charged in connection with alleged infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monday review the hot 20 stories of the week from time-wasting password strength and how much your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon cloud computing division unveils new cyber security service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt physicaldrive0 fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7273 the graphics component in microsoft windows 10 gold 1511 and 1607 and windows server 2016 allows r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin user login log 2.2.1 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hiddenillusion eventcleaner a tool mainly to erase specified records from windows event logs dfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5985 the ibm tivoli storage manager ibm spectrum protect aix client is vulnerable to a buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remember the snort community will not so your homework for you but we will help you if you ask good questions and try first' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frereop hmm let s try ashish sondhi s steps here to help you resolve your windows 7 concern keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karinamikhli glad to hear canary is a version of chrome that s still being tested amp can t be set as a default browser hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news digital video recorder installers master password list leaked claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps b2b marketplace script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat resteasy denial of service vulnerability redhat resteasy denial of service vulnerability4 nov 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'startup bank monzo notified ticketmaster they had a breach back in april ticketmaster visited their offices to fin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steph_a18 how interesting let s have you try the windows blank screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix reveals full xen combo will be cheaper than xen lite for azure xenapp essentials pricing revealed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c null pointer dereference denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us citizens now being forced to provide their social media passwords upon return to us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best password managers for 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officenews beginning today microsoftteams is available worldwide in a free version in 40 languages see how you can get started msinspire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ohjuliaann uh oh let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and then restart t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papa s got a brand new nas linuxjournal it used to be that the true sign you were dealing with a linux geek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1655 ibm aix 5.3 6.1 7.1 and 7.2 contains a vulnerability in the rmsock command that may be used to exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gnuchess opensuse-2016-1352 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches new spectre meltdown vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update util-linux suse-su-2016:2954-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elcikkadir that s great to hear let us know if you ever have any questions about windows 10 we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft enables linux desktop users to send sms text messages with latest skype alpha i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'micron making mucho memory moolah quarterly results show a boomtown rat raking in dollars dram and flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to stay up to date with the latest news from the linux foundation sign up for our free newsletter at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1807-1 moderate go1.9 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whitelisting apache extension wordpress 4.7.1 released podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec annvision adminbypass to banners' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pressing shift f10 during a windows10 upgrade will launch root cli amp bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts kde4libs vulnerability usn-3223-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel crypto mcryptd.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 wireshark rhsa-2017:0631 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter smartbear announces testcomplete 12.2 red hat openshift container platform 3.4 and android security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2018:1764-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component spider catalog lite 1.8.10 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical browser vulnerabilities took center stage in today s microsoft patchtuesday bulletin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debpangdavis thanks for the info just to confirm have you checked your location settings in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when peer pressure nukes linux for windows fossforce a grandson was happy with the flame throwing hot rod li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201702-04 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weatherjoshua that s excellent have you been using any extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1517 a flaw in the java.math component in ibm sdk java technology edition 6.0 7.0 and 8.0 may allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google santa code signing bypass macos nessus plugin id 110519 with medium severity synopsis a bina' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday palemoonbrowser 27.9.3 use after free vulnerability cve-2018-12292 remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla extension dt register sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crybbygeek the most unrealistic part of them harry potters is that the irish bloke never brought up 800 years and the 6 counties' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity former intelligence chief lang to head czech security office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt philgardnerians as more devops organizations shift from virtualization technologies to container platforms like docker they qui' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as an example the article and many like it use subtle word choices like noting that penetrating the control cent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'altspeaking hi there are you still experiencing the with windows hello at the moment we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkitgtk webkitfavicondatabase denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday january 9th 2017 mon jan 9th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to harden ubuntu server 16.04 security in five steps if you re ready to take your ubuntu server infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google once again publicly discloses windows bug after microsoft fails to patch it hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using a simple way to bypass ms office 365 protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee web gateway jmx service lets remote users execute arbitrary code on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erwinbrouwer911 i m sorry to hear the has been happening for quite some time would you post your question at sr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doubleagent zero-day code injection and persistence technique cybellum infosec windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln juniper junos cve-2017-2300 denial of service vulnerability junos 15.1x49-d40juniper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-2789 when copying filedata into a buffer justsystems ichitaro office 2016 trial will calcul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supreme court issue notice to whatsapp and facebook over privacy policy the supreme court of india has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter luis bernardo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity firefox zero-day mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'compromised javascript package caught stealing npm credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photobre everything in your account loads correctly for me on desktop so sounds like it might be your browser ye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a bug in chrome gives bad actors license to play 20 questions with your private data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pixeltwitchtv imcloudxiv googlechrome twitch gc extension stands for google chrome extension so he wants t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'private browsing 16 good reasons to use incognito mode also known as private browsing or porn mode infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psublette42 that s cool we love to have loyal users like you what has been your favorite changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best windows 10 enterprise security solutions according to av-test infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current bind ssa:2018-192-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities including 121 in e-business suite l oracle patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 gst-plugins-good0.10 gst-plugins-good1.0 vulnerability usn-31' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews beware office 365 users are being targeted using a simple yet effective technique which helps cybercriminals bypa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-7263 microsoft excel for mac 2011 and excel 2016 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'automatic user provisioning and deprovisioning now available for more apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news need xmas ideas try cve-2015-7645 a flash gift that keeps on giving' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 56 metrics type confusion buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg small-town ingenuity is making gigabit broadband a reality' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerc names bill lawrence as vp chief security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3424 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'winepak is a flatpak repository for windows wine games and applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft script prevents win10 winserver 2016 from giving up recon data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiger post facebook auto post multi pages groups profiles 3.0.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pumasrevengeyt we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quietstormceo ah okay the site isn t hosted with us so it s harder to see what could be wrong but if you ll s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2993 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earlier have an exploitable use after free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkruzel5 that s great to hear how long have you been a windows insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3286 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity spam hailstorms deliver variety of threats infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hollow world netflix premieres java in-memory database toolkit store modestly sized databases locally infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt btp two btp officers will be honoured by the queen for their actions during the london bridge attack.pc wayne marques' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1815' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of android apps on play store infected with windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dbswebsites hey there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nnd_nrw why thank you how are you using windows 10 to get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1843-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripwireinc how one dev accidentally brought down millions of wordpress sites via dmbisson infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 ghostscript rhsa-2017:0014' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap patches multiple xss and missing authorization vulnerabilities sap on tuesday released its first set infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3140-1 firefox vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla je directory ads 1.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libgit2 opensuse-2017-121' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2284-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 java-1.7.0-openjdk euleros-sa-2018-1193 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt the_steve_cox i m in my 21st year agree 100 oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martinmelhus i made a modem in js to close an inconvenient air gap read how at javascript vanillajs webaudioapi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller probe yields hacking indictments for 12 russian military officers darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-014 security update for microsoft office 4013241 macos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomaskroes does the error persist when trying a different browser all together' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity border officers real security is more complicated than building a wall infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enigma0x3 office 2016 now blocks .settingcontent-ms files from being activated via ole secbughunter amp team -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'escaping the whale things you probably shouldn t do with docker part 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse linux position' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mmeyer429 hi martin just checking in is google chrome working fine let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wizardip michaelc0n mrtoughdev wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkit webassembly compilation information leak packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt optiv join cylanceinc s malcolm harkins protecttoenable and optiv s woodrow brown for a webinar on july 18th to lear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update bind suse-su-2017:0112-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maxpog having fun shooting the ad for oracle cloud services with the oracle team in our illycaffe in san francisco than' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 57 limits background tabs usage to 1 per cpu core' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snappersdelight got it could you also try these steps see make chrome ask.. keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking password manager f-secure key has an attractive cross-platform user interface but it lacks advanced features like' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability linux kernel usbhid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vote for the linux foundation s vp of nfv heatherrkirksey in redhatnews s 2017 women in oss award' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security updates for vulnerabilities that affects multiple versions ubuntu security updates for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana allows browser navigation without login cve-2018-8253 a locked windows 10 device with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is rolling out new cumulative updates for windows 10 8.1 and 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air apsb16-08 multiple unspecified integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec domain marketplace script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 bind cesa-2016:2615 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump s new telecoms chief bins broadband subsidies for the poor hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'habanaiv we agree how is your current windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 authenticated command injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel 2.6.22 lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1390-1 procps security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gio_murillo98 hi there could you share more details on what seems to be happening with your google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just heard back that airlockdigital has had an excellent response to the snake oilers segment that ran last week.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 slashdot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps oracle glassfish ose 4.1 path traversal metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update python on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2955 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asher_wolf troyhunt it looks like they broke either htaccess or apache config probably shouldn t leave sql backu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password stealing spying malware targets ukrainian government password stealing spying malware targets infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5568 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities adobe flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edwedwin hey edwin let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1511 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to get started with dockercompose here s everything you need to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt euroinfosec zero-day exploit for windows flaw gets released before microsoft ships its patch by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github to warn users on compromised passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 how dyn and the cloud are reinventing oracle via dyn oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'didyouknow if you attend our embedded linux amp openiot summit in edinburgh october 22-24 you get access to our eu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suricata ids 3.2.12 ipv4 evasion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github will raise a red alert if your password has been exposed elsewhere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts postgresql-10 postgresql-9.3 postgresql-9.5 vulnerabilitie nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security blog making an siem dance with docker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dennielsadian that s fantastic have you been making any cool projects with windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps itech dating script 3.26 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin pie register lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lauren_kendra sounds like you are using the self-hosted wordpress software best place for help with that is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find vulnerabilities in whatsapp that allow to spread fake news via group chats securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress up to 4.7.0 wp-admin update-core.php name version cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'o0ze the password we ll see if we can narrow down what in it is not being accepted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kimzetter we need to come up with a different word to describe these calls other than prank. anyone who makes the kind of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gabrielazanfir if you think that data relating to households is broader than personal data in the gdpr please read about the c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1044 nessus plugin id 110783 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8823 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joetambwe awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office fallout pip boy molded mug another settlement needs our help did you expect anything infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp backdoor a huge threat to freedom of speech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tylabs thanks to mispproject and adulau for adding the new bro signature datamodel today support for using that plus in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap basis report for terminology export os command injection vulnerability sap basis report for terminology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap business client unspecified security vulnerability sap business client unspecified security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2216-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowcat_mdk ossummit comes to edinburgh in october no word yet on whether there will b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adventures in loading windows drivers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digisol dg-br4000ng cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bechtel opens industrial cyber security lab scada ics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 tiff image heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alsaldich wondering what bro_ids logs are and why they re useful watch our new series of corelight_inc videos about them t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'team oracle did it approx times 2:47 and 3:13 at the escapealcatraztri congrats for a great result' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twitter threading is so broke in the first screenshot the is how my timeline shows my interaction in the second' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brian_daly techdirt red morph scroll to the end for browser extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt subtee good read a universal windows bootkitan analysis of the mbr bootkit referred to as hdroot the blog is choc f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to verify your wordpress site on pinterest step by step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco continues to advance open-source snort 3 network security development' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle hyperion flaws let remote users access data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3237-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ioannaiordanou abraxasspa excellent i look forward to it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melodic_prog hi timo if you re having any specific issues while using windows we d love to help what are you experiencing currently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhiancocker wonderful let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecure monbodb held ransom android updates xshm to find wordpress inside podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to break into a locked windows10 device ask cortana cve-2018-8140' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funny google chromebook ad mocks windows and macos operating systems in a mocking and hilarious infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spring 2017 new login procedure for windows 7 lab and podium computers at university park campuses tlt clm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teodortoto hi teo we re always looking for ways we can improve windows can you share more about the with us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archesdix understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jre 1.8.0 remote code execution vulnerability oracle jre is prone to a remote code-execution vulnerability.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'midwestyarn be working again which will allow you to reset your password the only other option is our account recovery form if you have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobsf v0.9.3 is released now supports windows appx static analysis fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3735-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new samsam variant requires special password before infection new versions of the samsam ransomware will infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6671 application protection bypass vulnerability in mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3.0 t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec saplpd 7.4.0 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb vulnerability leaked health care data of 2 million mexicans online while the investigations infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and python ftp attacks can punch holes through firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centerstrain01 excellent is there an ideal budget that you would like to stick to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 50.0.2661.102 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oh boy researchers found another unpatched windows bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit published for windows task scheduler zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sjmoffices thank you for being our customer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla jcart for opencart 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default passwords aid satori iot botnet attacks infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability oracle java se and jrock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts 16.10 python-cryptography vulnerability usn-3138-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securing microsoft s edge browser with windows defender application guard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roospooscreate thanks i ve sent an email your way you ll need to sign in using that email address or reset the password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raspberry pi as physical backdoor to office networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins leave black friday shoppers vulnerable threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'romanians abroad sorin mustaca on sorin mustaca in entrepreneur it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'silence speaks louder than words when finding malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2090' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 procps elsa-2018-1777 nessus plugin id 110276 with high severity synopsis the remote oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeanzsa understood we suggest checking out metered connections in windows 10 let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld from smbs to large enterprises cloud has been a great equalizer giving everyone access to the best technology a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tbabyswaglord we like the sound of that troy are you enjoying any apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linoxide jajwalya3 linux wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee atr team discovers new iot vulnerability in wemo insight smart plugs from connected baby monitors infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1806-1 important phpmyadmin an update that fixes two vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see our security issue of cisco focus magazine and read our latest q amp a with chief security amp trust officer j_n_s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update git suse-su-2018:1566-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog the facebook app on iphone is bigger than the install media of windows xp.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-0763 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toucan987 sounds great let us know what you think when you get the chance how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201806-04 quassel multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110525 with high severity synopsi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakntime amazing are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday videohive clone script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malspam with password-protected word documents tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvizion cms sql injection topic nvizion cms sql injection risk medium text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts python-oslo.middleware vulnerability usn-3666-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the problem with passwords uk workers waste more than two days a year logging in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4267-1 kamailio security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'databroker exactis databreach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peak freedom orwellian cia leaking sieve vault-7 hacking tools exposed by wikileaks the market oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did oracle just sign tape s death warrant depends what no comment means big red keeps schtum over the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'system76 oryx pro review linux in a laptop has never been better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jerno111 if that page it not loading please try clearing your browser cache and cookies and also make sure javas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3151-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps omegle clone sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '14 best wordpress security scanners for detecting malware and hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesocial happy turkey day from oracle social' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt travelarita pursuing passion projects dtechhs oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity elasticsearch ransomware attacks now number in the thousands infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obasaolorunfemi your site is not hosted with us it is using the self-hosted wordpress v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office viewer products office compatibility products july 2018 nessus plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'micro focus universal configuration management database browser lets remote users conduct cross-site request forger' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maggiearchibald hi there looks like your site is using the self-hosted version of the wordpress software hosted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysterybot malware alert facebook whatsapp and several banking apps potentially under attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts ntp vulnerabilities usn-3707-1 nessus plugin id 110974 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp warns free google drive backups are not end-to-end encrypted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe releases security updates for flash player original release date june 07 2018 adobe has relea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ars technica risk assessment reported backdoor in whatsapp is in fact a feature defenders say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap sec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2279-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter autocomplete a novel phishing hole for chrome safari crims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattwweaver that s fantastic mathew we would love to hear your initial thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'boxa72_dev we re thrilled to hear that you re having a great experience what are your thoughts on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt classywarfare i think about the first order stormtrooper who yells traitor a lotwas he in finn s unit did he blame that othe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacymatters meanwhile it s been almost two years since facebook changed the whatsapp privacy policy in breach of eudatap tim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle jd edwards multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5575 sql injection vulnerability in inc lib options.class.php in genixcms before 1.0.0 allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logicjoel that s what we like to hear be sure to learn more about the windows 10 april 2018 update here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook unveils delegated recovery to replace traditional password recovery methods thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'entrepreneur job portal script 3.0.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shapelymajik hey there how did the upgrade go we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6136 local information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired microsoft internet explorer xss filter security bypass vulnerability retired microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox 5.0.x lt 5.0.32 5.1.x lt 5.1.14 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teddyflare hello we re always looking for ways to add and improve to windows would you mind sharing the idea he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201611-22 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux 2017 with great power comes great responsibility' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hypnogogix brownteaming defconscavhunt lol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'genixcms up to 1.0.1 forgotpassword.php cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday june 21st 2018 thu jun 21st infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote control companies blur lines over who owns devices yahoo security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap afaria multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 gnupg2 rhsa-2018:2180' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter direct download for woocommerce plugin on wordpress file inclusion directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7543 a race-condition flaw was discovered in openstack-neutron before 7.2.0-12.1 8.x before 8.3.0-11.1 9' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haleftswiftt oh no check out the article for more info on how to fix chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft experts launch anti-recon tool for windows 10 server 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt timo_steffens gru-officer yermakov has many skills from mueller s indictment we know he did credential phishing malware handlin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt whatisdotcom word of the day industrial control system ics scada cybersecurity android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284878 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110484 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-021 security update for windows directshow 4010318' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt adamwagner1 i am delighted to share the excellent site by coe demonstrating the practical importance of the european court of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-049 brocade network advisor filereceiveservlet directory traversal remote code execution vulnerability thi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je quoteform sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marsteau oracle employee summit 2018 qu bec canada oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'modicon modbus tcp unitypro programming function code access nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware vsphere client xxe injection information disclosure vmsa-2016-0022' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3730-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bonza digital cart script 1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crypticengram oh no let s have you run the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firehol 3.1.2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 krb5 libjpeg libtiff phsa-2017-2.0-0007 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 kernel elsa-2018-1852 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6662 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt slashdot hey everyone linux turns 27 today happy birthday linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one of the new orange snorties' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities in year s first critical patch update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.5.x lt 2.5.8 urlvalidator form field handling remote dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15912 an issue was discovered in in manjaro-system 20180716-1 on manjaro linux a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrwafflesnbacon interesting which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. oracledatacloud s spring 2018 news and events look back from our hackathon in virginia to advweekasia and every' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps graphicriver clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maubach_mailbox thanks for the shout-out joe we re glad you like your chromebook reach out if you have any ques' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 gstreamer-plugins-bad-free elsa-2016-2974' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln dotcms stname parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 kernel cesa-2018:1854 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use shortcodes in your wordpress sidebar widgets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anotherblob thanks for the info try browsing in the incognito mode and see if you re experiencing the same:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news google ordered by u.s court to produce emails stored abroad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pwnallthethings 12 russian intelligence officers charged with hacking dnc presidential campaign and hilary clinton and releasing it under g2 and dcleaks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'to fight words with weapons is more than violence it is a crime against the constitution those who justify such a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network the quantum computing cyber storm is coming cso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vu 834067 apache struts 2 is vulnerable to remote code execution vulnerability note vu 834067apache s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ciorici hi pavel we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xdea microsoft windows task scheduler contains a local privilege escalation vulnerability in the alpc interfaceadvisor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows font library embedded font processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djpusher we re happy to hear everything s running smoothly now have you been using windows to work on any cool projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress olimometer sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4jeffbrown you too br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libtiff 2018-9e0a37e7a2 nessus plugin id 110576 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ribakox word.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voracle attack can recover http data from vpn connections a new attack named voracle can recover http infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quick planing session with the office assistant to kick start the day i may have mentioned gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7545 selinux policycoreutils allows local users to execute arbitrary commands outside of the sandbox via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ars technica risk assessment muni system hacker hit others by scanning for year-old java vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lmdlall how odd have you already tried these steps to delete your previous version of windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shelovestofish thankful for the opportunity to be interviewed amp have my blog featured by wordpress wpdisco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aliapostcoffee hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 creators update will let users pause windows updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'themagullo firefox focus focus it still integrates with safari but now is a privacy browser that has tracking protection by . mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upcoming changes to the webassembly format may defang the browser patches for meltdown and spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack a vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecx brands are you planning to use vr to better serve customers see what your peers think in our latest report:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3145-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter intel mcafee labs threats predictions report previews cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings melbourne man arrested for broadcasting fake messages to pi see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5207 in blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55.0.2883.84 for and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news shadow brokers re-emerge with nsa s secret exploits for sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle discoverer 11.1.1.7.0 remote code execution vulnerability oracle discoverer 11.1.1.7.0 remote code execut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 flaw uncovered more critical than equifax bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload the metasploit module exploits an arbitrary file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec job portal script 3.0 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adimike55 hmm try resetting your chrome settings to default let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks on oracle weblogic servers detected after publication of poc code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update dovecot22 opensuse-2016-1342 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mlm forced matrix 2.0.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oh look ad selection delivery and reporting is defaulted on to include 179 companies maybe wording such as pl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mercurial opensuse-2018-734 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql server up to 5.7.16 encryption unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday itech real estate script 3.12 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serious vulnerabilities found in mcafee enterprise product' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.186 adobe texture format file buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zyxel d1000 cwmp get default password nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out world le hacker sapeur ultime will pop your box and steal your creds with more flair than the waitstaff' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishing campaign on office 365 business users leverages punycode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows blog cortana holiday help halo wars definitive edition holiday music amp more windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'radeon linux 4.11 mesa 17.1-dev vs nvidia 378.13 graphics performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eerkeboiten docneilb someone say hancocksapp and that reminds me the ico are well overdue in responding to my complaint' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec sendroid 5.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segestardonando kathyreid windows ssreid46 huh that s really weird we are known for supporting lots litera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exposed mongodb installs being erased held for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '24 7 amp 365 days a year the cloud is accessible to overhead_door s hr and employees that s the power of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9192 a vulnerability in cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for windows could allow an a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 glibc elsa-2018-1879' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle ceo safra catz sits down with dtechhs graduates discussing technology education and how oracle has chang' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel pcpu_extend_area_map function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers resurrect decade-old oracle solaris vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sara_bosca whenever an opportunity is given to you be brave and take it safra catz oraclechanginglives oracle inspiring employees' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle crashes aws and azure uk cloud data centre party london base in global expansion oracle will open infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a quick six miles walk with the office assistant ottofit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4238-1 exiv2 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt x1622sec one funny thing you can do while sqlmap bruteforce the pw hash with blind sql injection is talking to skype chat b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 389-ds-base cesa-2018:1380' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akshay8700 that s quite the throwback are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bonelessshotgun sounds like a great idea which games are you playing the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spedwybabs amp if that didn t help enter about:config into the address bar and set browser.tabs.remote.autostart.2 to false pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re taking privacy security amp control beyond the browser with two new experiments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tbg911 sansdefense netwars off to a great start sansinstitute sansapac singapore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redesignreclaim hi there which version of windows are you using let s see if we can sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjenny88 hi jenny we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images how s your laptop running after the update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patocampos nmap windows muts virustotal cvenew kaspersky before you get too excited you might actually try' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt metacompliance our latest blog is now available fake wordpress plugin redirects mobile visitors to porn sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for tomcat native nccic cyber cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how zscaler is optimizing office 365 to remove the burden from firewalls we caught up with zscaler at infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada how do the linux kernel memory protection features on android work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel 2018-c449dc1c9c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 0day exploit goes wild and so do microsoft marketers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 30 off restrict content pro wordpress membership site plugin use coupon bfcm2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tillison hmm okay we suggest checking out these steps to fix network connection in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-4256-1 chromium-browser security update nessus plugin id 111360 with medium severity s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oggeek2016 hello there what kind of issues are you seeing after the update we d like to help make your windows experience a good one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief aws fail hits services youtube launches streaming service windows gets walled garden infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imranhassanzada thank you are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin pie register lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201805-14 procps multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsmith26 thanks jean are you a current windows 10 user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop us if you ve heard the one adobe flash gets emergency patch for zero-day exploit theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert issues advisory after researchers report increase in attacks against sap and oracle erp apps scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server attacks spike after vulnerability poc published scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla releases firefox 52 the first browser to support webassembly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts gnupg2 vulnerability usn-3675-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3427 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 python crypto regression usn-3199-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a visual editor in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9576 use after free memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samihurme hi sami currently there are no known disruptions with chrome sync can you confirm that you re logged' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows alpc local privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update rubygem-yard opensuse-2018-707' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 sssd and ding-libs rhsa-2018:1877' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14943 harmonic nsg 9000 devices have a default password of nsgadmin for the admin account a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'open source summit and embedded linux conference openiot summit europe will feature sessions on ai blockchain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-nov microsoft security bulletin summary for november 2016 version 1.1 revision note v1.1 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ex top mozilla dev to windows users ditch all antivirus except microsoft s defender don t bother with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt darthsaac my 11 yrs old boy had a school project he made a presentation about stuxnet and scada funny enough he did not e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domd212 hi dom that strange just to confirm have you tried the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'budget 2017 broadband ai amp training but where s cybersecurity chancellor philip hammond s first infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '3 use cases that a comprehensive data integration cloud must be able to solve for from jeff_oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postgresql 9.3 lt 9.3.23 9.4 lt 9.4.18 9.5 lt 9.5.13 9.6 lt 9.6.9 10.3 insecure acl remote issue nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mohamaddroobi we re happy cortana has been helpful in your daily tasks are you enjoying any other features on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress olimometer 2.56 plugin sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 389-ds-base alas-2018-1036 nessus plugin id 110453 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'annapolis police just said 5 people were killed today when an assailant opened fire at the offices of the capital g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. oraclecloud containers serverless and kubernetes at dockercon 2018 dockercon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris critical patch update jul2018_sru11_3_32_4_0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode shellcode 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researcher shows how chrome safari autofill feature can be used in phishing attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers convert whatsapp s protobuf2 data to json develop burp suite extension that allows for three manipulat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewroysh that s great when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress core sept vuln rabilit s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10895 qutebrowser before version 1.4.1 is vulnerable to a cross-site request forgery flaw that allows webs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat dump and analyze .net applications memory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4225-1 openjdk-7 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new zealand-based data breach hunter known by alias flash gordon discovered a single file on an unsecured ser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning password change validation flaw lets remote authenticated users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5570 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '350 000 twitter bot sleeper cell betrayed by love of star wars and windows phone theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. googlechrome update fixes high severity flaws pays out 38k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami php56 php70 php71 alas-2018-1066 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oxford english dictionary extends hunt for regional words around the world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amsoupy thank you we love your support are you currently using windows 10 in your animation work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver abap ea-dfps remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'troyhunt scott_helme documentation doesn t include the pwnedpassword api call other than range also it s a 5 cha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 mozilla-privacy-badger 2018-d5d8819190 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd bro multiple memory allocation issues 2f4fd3aa-32f8-4116-92f2-68f05398348e nessus plugin id 110390' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous website wants john mcafee to be donald trump s cybersecurity adviser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2015-8970 crypto algif_skcipher.c in the linux kernel crypto algif_skcipher.c in the linux kernel be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming okay gotcha let us know if the happens again and be sure to share your experience with us here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mozilla firefox cve-2016-9079 use after free remote code execution vulnerability browser t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 cairo euleros-sa-2018-1161 nessus plugin id 110737 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a complete wordpress backup for free with backwpup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-144 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq security bulletin hpesbhf03704 rev.1 hpe officeconnect network switches l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerabilities in lastpass allowed attackers to steal hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a wordpress multi-site how to create one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple flaws update your ios devices asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'judithpolicar hi there can you please clear your browser s cache or try a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10150 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many infosec professionals reuse passwords across multiple accounts helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps slimaruser management 1.0 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenni_haru great thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about ecomp the new linuxfoundation project to create a fully open network automation platform:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'romestantc we re glad you re enjoying the multiple desktop feature in windows 10 how will it help you or your wife stay organized' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us may soon require social media passwords from visa applicants infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'authentication success local checks not available nessus plugin id 110695 with info severity synopsis the local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jtainsworth13 those are all great choices how does windows 10 help you get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control vulnera 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2636 vulnerability how is oracle micros pos affected' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution apache versions 2.3 up to 2.3.34 and 2.5 up to 2.5.16 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news azure customer saves microsoft from an rhel disaster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'delphi_ote nah bro how else you gonna know if it s loaded you need that sorta info to make calculated risks ya know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla store for k2 3.8.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday august 3rd 2018 fri aug 3rd infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw allows web browsing on locked pcs the tricky cortana flaw cve-2018-8253 was infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel bug tcp flaw lets remote attackers stall devices with tiny dos attack segmentsmack linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookxies hi there have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news how windows 10 data collection trades privacy for security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0454-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru meet brokentype the font fuzzing toolset that helped me find 39 vulns in the windows kernel and user-mode uniscri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets attackers alter messages in chats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdispnode::insertsiblingnode use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danielderi googlechrome opera microsoftedge aha i love it jr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikrotik routeros lt 6.40.9 6.42.7 6.43 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andmyhacks highmeh afaik you can run win10 on any box that runs win7 legacy apps are a more realistic reason to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worried about windows file shares in the cloud a solution is here moving an established well infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'philmmaker1111 please reach out to or email us directly at help wordpress.com as we cannot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd sqlite corrupt db can cause a null pointer dereference c1630aa3-7970-11e8-8634-dcfe074bd614 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday itech multi vendor script 6.49 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcstraight we re so glad to hear it how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter links 24 2 2017 ubuntu 17.04 beta openbsd foundation nets 573 000 in donations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8248 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft excel software when the software fails to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt doctornofi dozens of former intelligence officers slam trump via financialtimes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts ntp vulnerabilities usn-3707-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-42 zabbix multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3154-1 openjdk 6 vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its deriva' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 spice rhsa-2017:0254' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3757-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an introduction to private browsing privacy and security fears are driving many people to look into the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware horizon view client 4.x lt 4.8.0 privilege escalation vulnerability vmsa-2018-0014 nessus plu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp security gets a boost with newly introduced patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2069-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tim2040 the way denham characterises kolah in her foreword is at best wildly exaggerated and a slap in the fac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3724-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0228 spectre nessus plugin id 110526 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update zsh opensuse-2018-699 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lipslasheslife thanks for trying that which browser are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newestgodzilla hmm let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'e107 2.1.4 blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'u.s government indicts two russian fsb officers over yahoo hack u.s government indicts four over 2014 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glimji we re glad you think so how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 anniversary update with ransomware protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 xmlrpc elsa-2018-1780 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2069-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking serious vulnerabilities found in mcafee enterprise product' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ubuntu app crash reporter bug allows remote code execution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts gnupg gnupg2 vulnerabilities usn-3675-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'put a little splunk in it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how is the misuse of upnp protocol causing security vulnerabilities expert michael cobb of thehairyitdog explains' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 68 released with warnings on http sites but also other security features google has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tylerharvey2014 fantastic how are you enjoying windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd clamav multiple vulnerabilities d1e9d8c5-839b-11e8-9610-9c5c8e75236a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-02 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3786-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-736-1 gst-plugins-bad0.10 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam knows your password but don t fall for it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kicking off lfosls is linux foundation executive director jim zemlin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x86 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2018-656 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alanstevens that s quite a long time what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realdotnetdave gotcha let s have you run the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4275-1 keystone security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i_love_kupkakes you re welcome we love seeing what our users are creating on their windows 10 devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to softwarereview7 wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft introducing age requirements for office add-ins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fusionitalian hi sean just wanted to check in how did the install go we re here if you have any questions on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giuliani and top trump white house officials hacked passwords leaked l trump guiliani' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleteamusa happy thanksgiving we re thankful for fans like you and moments like the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 mutt elsa-2018-2526 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegrugq operant i mean people have been doing flash exploits for as long as i can remember i started the job' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity justice department to propose legislative fix to warrants for data stored abroad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leave backdoors open to cheap remote desktop protocol attacks according to new mcafee findings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luis bernardo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kees_cook xjamesmorris here are my slides from making c less dangerous for the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows up to server 2016 uniscribe information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to fix location data leak in google home chromecast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'j n j web designing uk sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'c c java python the survey shows you the top programming languages what s your favorite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins leave blackfriday shoppers vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews whatsapp automation open source tool for automatically sending and receiving whatsapp messages using selinium a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cross-site request forgery in file manager wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft loves linux so much its onedrive web app runs like a dog on windows os rivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google outs unfixed windows info leak flaw infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt talossecurity the official talos guide to security summer camp 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'koshiro pretty cool right are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canon mf210 mf220 authentication bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7263 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report dnc s chief security officer warns democratic candidates to avoid zte huawei devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 40 off themefuse premium wordpress themes cost 3.14 per theme blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx218775' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 906424 microsoft windows task scheduler contains a local privilege escalation vulnerability in the alpc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jmckey focus existed as a content blocker before the private browser was implemented into focus see 1 2 at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln mongodb cve-2016-3104 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle cto larry ellison unveils the latest component of oracle s autonomous database autonomous transaction proce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 flash-plugin rhsa-2018:2175 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6136 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5491 wp-mail.php in wordpress before 4.7.1 might wp-mail.php in wordpress before 4.7.1 might al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tombrossman thx tom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt insafenetwork in case you ve missed it the bikbulletin is out find out more about the excellent work done by inhope_pr hotlin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dissectmalware citrix yes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'n2vaa we re glad to hear everything is working properly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mahshannon excellent we think the dell xps desktop may be a great match let us know your thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7867 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable buf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'low glsa-201612-28 docker privilege escalation synopsis a vulnerability in docker could lead to the escalatio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multireligion responsive matrimonial script 4.7.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in oracle database patch without delay helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new free chrome plug-in blocks cryptojacking browser attacks by darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global cybercrimes and weak cybersecurity threaten businesses in africa brookings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq joomla com_kide component view parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1975-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elreychopper did you recently open chrome from an old computer that was logged into the same chrome profile keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn the ins and outs of linux kernel modules we have a webinar that introduces you to just that check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'running docker for mac here s everything you ever wanted to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'purplenmoving if you re new to windows here are some tutorial videos that should be useful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the virtualization space containers are making a move linuxcareer wow has it been a whirlwind over the l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows uniscribe object memory handling error lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i wish the free version of ida pro included the linux debug server although well worth the money people shouldn t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'torbrowser firefox remote use-after-free fbi s exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbmu03685 rev.1 hpe insight control server provisioning icsp multiple bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap basis report for terminology export os command injection vulnerability sap basis report for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome to distrust symantec ssls for mis-issuing 30 000 ev certificates google announced its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday pale moon browser amp amp lt 27.9.3 use after free vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3284 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wdormann is that an office prompt or flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abenedykt ah okay let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fly1953jaxi hi there what happens when you re trying to download google chrome is there an error message keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mohamed20202028 neat are there any other apps you re liking on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photos three days of wordpress workshops talks and drinks in belgrade wceu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cryps1s luckily you can do native windows event log collection using wef if you re leveraging wef well you don t need to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw could allow hackers to modify send fake messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cambridge dictionary urged to change the meaning of the word hacker from a negative to a positive one thanks to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in a bid to curtail spread of misinformation facebook s whatsapp now tells users when a message has been forwarded' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'l_aitken wow that s music to our ears lauren are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps travel portal script 9.33 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cia didn t break signal or whatsapp despite what you ve heard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomray74 thanks for being a loyal user what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec luis bernardo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs congrats croatia on yesterday s win now here s something we won t be celebrating a malicious app disguised as a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security researchers at malwarebytes discovered a malicious chromeextension that cannot be manually removed dis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0267-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip learn 3 ways cortana can help you the holiday from tracking flights to shopping lists.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn the essentials of system logging in the tutorial from chris binnie via linuxdotcom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt qikipedia word of the day groak to stare longingly at someone who is eating in the hope that they will offer to share their food.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'himynameisedson hi there have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'porter_610 hey brandon is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katkaboskova hi katie does the only happen in chrome try using incognito mode amp let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclepaas are you using oracle cloud platform to deliver unique business value your business could be a 2018 oracle cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress templatic 2.3.6 file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wsj today s chief information officers are doing much more than keeping the lights on being called on to drive innovat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week mozilla said it s testing firefoxmonitor and released firefox 61 for windows mac linux and android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cantofsoup understood let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nca_uk three arrested after nca officers shut down a suspected forgery factory for counterfeit id documents in london r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2016-0022 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress private messages 1.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu beautiful capture of an isolated thunderstorm over the northern adriatic sea from lo inj island croatia june 14' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware windows 10 users zacinlo malware will bombard you with ads and spy on you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe sneaks a google chrome extension in latest security update to collect data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in part 3 of the series ibrahimatlinux explains some common ways companies fail to comply:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat missing check in websocket client lets remote users bypass hostname verification on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday image and video script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle the government s push to modernize it systems means the time to develop an effective strategy starts today learn h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.x remote code execution vulnerability cve-2018-11776 remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a nifty new open source called probemanager which centralizes the management of intrusion detection systems nids b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation feature for 99 of chrome desktop users security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux percpu race condition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2390-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db ultimate member lt 1.3.75 unauthenticated change passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla lt 3.8.9 xss vulnerability in language switcher module nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2161-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hack hack hack one in 20 applications on private us pcs are end-of-life the post doesn t have enough infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tekdefense til the windows balloon reminder service takes command arguments.wlrmdr.exe s 60000 f 1 t text m more text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 big-ip apm client for windows lets local users obtain system privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brownteaming notdan cybergibbons me waiting for rce shells amp key dumping tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'post office broadband hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201807-04 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts openjdk-7 vulnerabilities usn-3691-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity teen broadcasts suicide live on social media infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter schoolhos cms 2.29 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last dridex trojan variant uses a new tactic to bypass windows dridex malware banks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fasterxml jackson databind detection for linux unix nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3279 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5199 chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bweymes deploying my first custom bro_ids package today custom detection logic ftw.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce linux kernel privilege escalation via copy on write dirty cow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emilymaxima an excellent write-up of what happened last weekend don t tell me the is all about hats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desmondjong7 that s odd just to confirm have you also tried resetting chrome settings to default:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexmachin97 awesome what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8019 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in attributes in intel security virusscan enterprise linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1784-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal topic oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 57 limits background tabs usage to 1 per cpu core' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech news portal script 6.28 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update php53 suse-su-2017:0109-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sprksam thanks for the link that is a self-hosted wordpress site and not hosted at you c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gabrielmariya excellent outcome ep_industry for aniebler report on enisa_eu amp eucertificationscheme cybersecurityact we loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1436-1 gosa security update nessus plugin id 111221 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9313 security keys big_key.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 mishandles unsuccessful crypto registration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rrittorno hi richard you can recover your operating system from the windows recovery tool if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday omegle clone sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip linux kernel vulnerability k17309' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft yanks post urging windows 7 users to get windows 10 for a secure and modern it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1445-1 busybox security update nessus plugin id 111358 with high severity synopsis the r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'help your customers drive adoption with these 5 easy steps oraclecustomersuccess oraclesuccessinsaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday august 21st 2018 mon aug 20th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase oracle autonomous transaction processing built to run demanding finance retail and government applications it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jredroso about to start fof community day zeljkop effra_live atoses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update pcre suse-su-2016:2971-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac password-stealing flaw patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bae systems and splunk secure u.s government clouds through machine learning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cisco-sa-20170310-struts2 apache struts2 jakarta multipart parser file upload code execution v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2442 in sap businessobjects business intelligence versions 4.0 4.1 and 4.2 while viewing a web intellig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rabbitmq web management cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacking microsoft office amp openoffice with metasploit macro exploits it is fair to say that microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox up to 5.0.31 5.1.13 gui unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov comododesktop security_faqs wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vspheresecurity the is a must read folks. time to patch again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 5 6 7 firefox elsa-2016-2843' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft unexpectedly drops windows 7 support for some ancient cpus believe it or not some hardy souls infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel linuxkernel 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalati 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover the oracle cloud security day series gregjensen10 oraclesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'data from the excellent 360coresec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.1 released patches eight vulnerabilities and 62 wordpress hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t adobe flash provides six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote execution vulnerability on lastpass chrome extension found' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gpg2 suse-su-2018:1698-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbls flex cms 0.7.2 sql injection cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'almost half of infosec professionals admit to reusing passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abhijeetsafai you re welcome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gsa gets new head of services office a former opm executive will lead gsa s planned service management infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update wpa_supplicant suse-su-2018:1659-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8397 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the windows graphics device interface g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google discloses windows vulnerability that microsoft fails to patch again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeofapuyatera wordpress okay thanks for trying that are you able to contact us through me gt help amp support in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gnuchess opensuse-2016-1352' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kanufreedom we re not able to help with local installations of wordpress please ask for advice in the wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe acrobat extension for chrome cve-2017-2929 cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk cyber security boffins dispense ubuntu 18.03 wisdom theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lmoregan1 music to our ears how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update sudo opensuse-2016-1402' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaminario gets cash for k2 biz flash dash f-round funding is vote of confidence in its prospects all infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkacheampong1 we thought so too have you already installed the theme on your windows 10 device michael' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nation state cyber attack are an act of war senior british law officer thinks hostile states targeting essential' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc security teams at universities around the world use bro_ids to monitor cryptocurrency mining activity quickly id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ictutors tutoring site script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming we like your style how long have you been a pc gamer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sawaba foculper can the person please run for an office that requires a running mate like a vice or lt because' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kappa_mari hi there have you tried these steps to fix chrome if it freezes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8817 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware new whatsapp scam offering free internet without wi-fi the number of scams spreading through infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle micros xstore payment 1.0 remote code execution vulnerability oracle micros xstore payment 1.0 remote cod' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb the 300 device lets you steal a mac password in 30 seconds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday august 24th 2018 thu aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'to drive efficiency within nhs finance and procurement systems nepssg found oracleerpcloud to be the best solut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freddy burp suite extension to automatically identify deserialization issues in java and .net applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4279-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday sap solman 7.31 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2016-10005 remote exploits vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top opensource host based intrusion detection hids tools download our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3668-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'social media security podcast 35 facebook news feed psychology complex passwords dumb criminals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the most common passwords of 2016 were also the easiest to hack study' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking russian state television blames hackers for bbc sherlock finale leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'former brownsville fire chief pleads not guilty to computer security breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in cortana means passwords can be changed even on locked devices infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 18.04 lts linux-azure linux-oem linux-gcp vulnerabilities usn-3752-3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3715-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3137-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8678 the ispixelmonochrome function in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shivabeach hi if your flash plugin keeps crashing updating to the latest version of flash may fix the issue gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu over 360 000 lightning flashes detected over europe in the past 24 hour the balkans n-cntrl mediterranean alpine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday soa school management sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'austinsgamestv that s awesome what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla alfcontact 3.2.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt justinazoff 0xhosom bro_ids damskyirena and you can use to build the database from existing bro logs.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tech from the latest jason bourne movie is disappointing subscribe to my newsletter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arkayem we find it helpful too what kind of projects have you been working on with windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and_fez we re happy to hear your pc is running properly how has your overall windows 10 experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows media center 6.1.7600 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc the brocon17 video shows why bro_ids is the ultimate blue team tool in fact bro data is soo good and useful i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cselection interact button behavior::_update button l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter b2b marketplace script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory libx11 updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canon printme efi cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'martincrownover pretty cool right are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an internet explorer zero-day security vulnerability has now been adopted by rig exploit kit after publication of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer mshtml domimplementation type confusion exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware player 12.5.9 privilege escalation denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpesbmu03701 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 1:qbittorrent 2017-b59943dcae nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd wordpress multiple vulnerabilities b180d1fb-dac6-11e6-ae1b-002590263bf5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techhelplistcom i_am_ryan_s mattlbellingham malwrhunterteam godaddy cool story bro.did you have 100 to report at once ahh h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5191 bookmark handling in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows loaduvstable heap-based buffer overflow cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14678 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.11 as used in xen through 4.11.x the xen_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony 2018-2bdfc9dc67 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'river_quinn ok thanks for trying that send us a note to help wordpress.com so we can try and see what s going on.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome now features site isolation to defend against spectre a new feature called site isolation is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we re glad you re a fan are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5568 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 creators update steps up your security response' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 systemd phsa-2017-0005 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'agatasoft auto pingmaster 1.5 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc documentum eroom unverified password change advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 qemu-kvm cesa-2017:0083' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a browser bug in google chrome lets bad actors uncover private data stored on facebook google sites and other plat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'martinkelly188 hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter researchers attack code circumvents defense mechanisms on linux leaving machines susceptible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2016:2976-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooseyboy got it since it s working fine in incognito mode could you try clearing browser s cache amp cookies se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm infosphere igc multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts cups vulnerabilities usn-3713-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star trek the next generation lcars duvet cover and pillowcases computer begin sleep infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews atlanta attorney s office gets cybercrime unit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3150-2 linux kernel omap4 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux.mirai variants are evolving to effect multiple iot platforms learn about the different ways you can mitigate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat changes its open-source licensing rules' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nachospork that is one cool shirt how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 developer tools cross site scripting vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 devel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansappsec dev522 defending web applications is running in san jose on 3 6 with auditclay register now to defend your apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter topic macos ios javascript injection bug in off' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-3044 the linux kernel component in ibm powerkvm 2.1 the linux kernel component in ibm powerkvm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity slaac attack 0day windows network interception configuration vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibmsecurity icsisac scadahacker the number of ics attacks continues to increase' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-18 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to browse the internet securely and anonymously securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase think autonomous live demo and webcast series.join oracle for a webcast series that explores the various benefits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'franniefunguses that s great to hear how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eleniwins hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timmy_turner100 be sure to keep an eye on the windows blog for all the latest news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to kmmwmwukk1vmuzi secureeb security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows shell file path validation flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity word security on labtop keyboard symbolized cyber crime vintage style forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump claims his briefing on russian cyberattacks was delayed but us intelligence officer says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal topic geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal risk medium text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ithemes security sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook understood we know it may be a bit out of your budget but we think the acer aspire nitro may be a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officenews power and simplicity announcing user experience updates for word msexcel powerpoint and outlook in office365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs gandcrab which first appeared early the year has rapidly updated itself into the leading ransomware threat ou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah list of syscall implemented in windows subsystem for linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pivotal software cloud foundry cf mysql 27 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 knot-resolver 2018-eb9ca8b218 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2010-5328 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd qutebrowser remote code execution due to csrf bd6cf187-8710-11e8-833d-18a6f7016652 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bleepsake that s amazing rich which new features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hidden devil in the development life cycle google play apps infected with windows executable files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2837-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2947-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add multi-column content in wordpress posts no html required' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip handle the holidays with help from cortana set a reminder and forget about forgetting:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1400-2 tomcat7 regression update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug allowed hackers to find out everything facebook knows about you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pixaal cms admin default password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmail starts blocking javascript attachments alternative infector vectors to be expected gmail rolls infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9755 out of bounds write security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 pacemaker cesa-2016:2614 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drbrodix that s what we like to hear when you re ready to make the switch to edge let us know we ll make sure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7184 the linux-image- package 4.8.0.41.52 for the linux kernel on ubuntu 16.10 allows local users to obt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday secure download links dc parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dk_effect one year after notpetya and still 936k no-auth smb servers online 54k of them are windows azure exposure is down' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln cisco mobility services engine cve-2015-6316 insecure default password vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified buffer overflow vulnerabilities adobe flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'byod 8 ways to protect your company network from unsecured devices byod security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'h t to ydklijnsma you probably don t want to embed clarity connect javascript into your pci-dss payment page as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'martijn_grooten 1password whether there were acquisition talks or not good to see apple embracing password manag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morin the projects at aswf will sit on a continuous integration infrastructure provided by the linux foundation t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justiceaut that sounds amazing which new device did you go with we would love to hear your impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quiteofftopic that s odd just to confirm are you using the latest version of chrome to check type in chrome: chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wpdiscover what theme should i choose if you ve ever asked the question the beginner s guide to wordpressdotcom themes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3784-1 viewvc security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical rhsa-2016:2928 rh-mariadb101-mariadb security update problem description an update for rh-mariadb101' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0111 information disclosure vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts jasper vulnerabilities usn-3693-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sucurilabs sucurisecurity zero-day content injection vulnerability found in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cert disputes microsoft on windows 10 security without emet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada operation rosehub patches java vulnerabilities in open source projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8986 sandbox detection evasion vulnerability in hardware appliances in mcafee now intel security advanc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix-on-power-as-a-service is a thing yup a cloud just went there' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows shell file path validation flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 56.0.2924.76 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a flawed adobe extension automatically installed on 30 million chrome browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday questions and answers script 1.1.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft mvp discloses windows in-place upgrade security flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla thunderbird lt 52.9 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 111044 with high severity synops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2016-0166 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bad_packets gossithedog confirmed the vulnerability with a breakdown of the exploit the exploit misuses schrpcsetsecurity t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flokibot a flock of bots in early october flashpoint released an analysis of an underground forum infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamunnip we wanted to check in were you able to install windows we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter android debian and ubuntu top most vulnerable products chart in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edberg3_16 we re glad to hear it s resolved how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-2950 sql injection vulnerability in ibm bigfix remote control before 9.1.3 allows remote authenticated us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud oracle ceo mark hurd amp netsuite cto evan goldberg share the value of the acquisition on dec 1 join the live-cast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 8th 2018 wed aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juicy potato abusing the golden privileges windows privesc pentest hacking infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-1328 linux_kernel ubuntu_linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla flaw allows attacker to change passwords and seize sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nosapps thanks for the fave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reggiebradford proud to welcome six new startups into our oracle global startup ecosystem family as part of cohort 2 for the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 git-annex 2018-7e8c49a451 nessus plugin id 111015 with high severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0086 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 phishing campaign hides malicious urls in sharepoint files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox lt 61 multiple critical vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2423-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emprendeanonimo see some browser extensions there try to disable all extensions then reset your password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8bitelliott excellent choices have you recorded any awesome game play clips with the game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb16-39 security updates available for adobe flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkuppointer::movetogap use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'to learn more about cybercriminal behavior christiaanbeek and john_fokker attended the court case for the brothe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap adaptive server enterprise denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nimeshmorarji we re glad to hear it have you had a chance to check out the latest features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pxtricixcxmpos what is the site url can you try to upload in a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt smartercx the smartercx team recently met with vikki kolbe svp of gbu cloud services oracle who helped explain the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to run mysql mariadb queries directly from the linux command line' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cindy_lambrouil we don t use dms here but you can email us directly help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker wants to help enterprises better manage that ecosystem in a multicloud environment.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jim croce offers excellent cybersecurity advice l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tylabs new open source tool released dovehawk bro module misp bro for threat hunting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 librelp libvirt phsa-2018-1.0-0129 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking chrome to look more awesome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter java se mission control insecure transport man-in-the-middle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts git vulnerability usn-3243-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm spectrum protect mount detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what does the term media mean in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barracuda adc 5.x filter bypass cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syennamwar googlechrome welcome back if you have any questions we re here to help jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1bigguy1 we re glad you re a fan scott how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0day exploit advancing exploitation a scriptless 0day exploit against linux desktops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases july 2018 security bulletin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drink the potion linux kernel and tomorrow you ll wake up with a wireguard vpn driver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd password-store gpg parsing vulnerabilities 53eb9e1e-7014-11e8-8b1f-3065ec8fd3ec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'feature or flaw how to hijack a windows account in less than a minute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libvirt opensuse-2018-602 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1566 ibm db2 for linux unix and windows includes db2 connect server 9.7 10.1 10.5 and 11.1 could all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover how easy it is to post to your blog from anywhere with the wordpress for ios app blogging apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt esafetyoffice today s entertainment choices are endless and it can be hard for parents to keep up with the latest releases.we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thousands of credentials user names passwords amp file names of file storage service mega have been dumped online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'operant thegrugq browsers started to block flash and put controls on activex plus people went to chrome which au' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux phsa-2017-0032 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'strategiccc hi there could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the official tor browser for ios is free to use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday dell sonicwall global management system gms 8.1 blind sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'googlechrome adds site isolation to protect users against spectre attacks but there will be a performance hit b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to fix location data leak in google home chromecast krebsonsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1820:01 important red hat virtualization security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp that backdoor in our encryption is actually a feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter websector.ge cms sql injection amp admin page bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'first daughter ivanka trump given west wing office access to classified information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0036' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upload and encrypt large files from any browser with files self-destruct after 1 do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join university of pittsburg amp oracle to discuss best practices and lessons learned in adopting the cloud for bi.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elreychopper hmm is sync everything option selected in your chrome settings see choose what to sync..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now labels http sites as not secure wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isilon onefs ftp detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the winnti gang continues its activity and leverages github for c amp c communications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php exploit flaw puts wordpress and other cms sites at risk of remote code execution scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat developer discovers simpler way to crack wpa2 wireless passwords security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1967-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out swapnilbhartiya s new list of lightweight linux distros' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts unbound vulnerability usn-3673-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base suse-su-2017:0242-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches flash player acrobat reader creative cloud desktop app more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities drupal infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teen breaks into california couple s home to ask for wi-fi password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_larry0 if you have any specific questions about windows just let us know we d love to help you navigate your way around.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6353 net sctp socket.c in the linux kernel through 4.10.1 does not properly restrict association peel-off' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 5.6.x lt 5.6.37 exif_thumbnail_extract dos nessus plugin id 111230 with medium severity synopsis the version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home or office what works for you workforce transformation means greater flexibility for your employees discover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome domination today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canon lbp6030w authentication bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whixr samg0ld aprilwright i would be up for a badge hack flash-a-thon defcon562' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday viral fun facts sharing script 1.1.0 id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5193 google chrome prior to 54.0 for ios had' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chatnow 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s new in ubuntu 17.04 zesty zapus overview ubuntu 17.04 code named zesty zapus is the future release' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'someone tried to resurrect 14-year-old sql slammer worm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ppp 2018-b99d43ee9b nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bjs confidentiality pledge revision notice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component je directory 1.7 ditemid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows wins the desktop but linux takes the world hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3164-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3722-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bronzefedora thanks for letting us know feel free to contact us if you have questions we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 postfix euleros-sa-2018-1204 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giuliani and top trump white house officials hacked passwords leaked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress jibu pro 1.7 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt random_walker in which i discuss how browser fingerprinting research has long been widely misinterpreted how the misinterpretat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3205-1 tcpdump vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'designed by webridges sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ocaml opensuse-2018-559 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft office word malicious macro execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8633 drivers firewire net.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 in certain unusual hardware configurations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla simple membership 3.3.3 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awmalloy that s amazing anthony which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware vsphere data protection private ssh key authentication bypass vmsa-2016-0024' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 windows execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2018-0021 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking chromebackdoor v3.0 the botnet browser backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp users targeted by homoglyph attack peddling free tickets to theme park tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt m8urnett logitech options software secretly adds a windows firewall rule to allow incoming connections guys don t do the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 best wordpress backup plugins compared pros and cons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'knightwing19 hi there have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php entrepreneur 1.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brownteaming highmeh mllelicious rtmcx i hear the folks defcon562 myhackerhouse shellconla are trustworthy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'post office broadband cyber-attack the isbuzz post the post post office broadband cyber-attack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0216-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domaincops malware yahoo mail xss trend office scan false positive podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cyber attack struck down talk talk and post office routers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0022 windows zero-day flaw used by adgholas hackers and it was included in neutrino' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'takas classified cogeigniter php classified ad script 1.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts firefox regressions usn-3705-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln nessus arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.8.2 denial of service overflow gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google reveals windows os bugs that microsoft did not fix 3 months ago' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install r on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt europol have you seen the flash sale sorry it s just 2good2btrue it s us if you had sent your money for real you d h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6557 the motd update script in the base-files package in ubuntu 18.04 lts before 10.1ubuntu2.2 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mosesqrodriguez thanks for the kind words be sure to check out all the new features coming soon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 000 wordpress sites hacked to launch epic malvertising news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ellenbroad mupublishing ordered the ebook looking forward to reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker swarm cheat sheet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaw spotted in north korea s red star operating system flaw in bundled browser could give an attacker infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mark gurman apple aims to release airpower by september infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity first version of sandboxed tor browser available infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla medialibrary basic 3.5 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress flaw gives attackers full control over your site thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update nextcloud opensuse-2018-712' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux.gafgyt.b latestthreats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'madicienne thanks for doing that your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity all you need to know about yubikey for windows hello and windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ongezoute uh oh do you have your settings in our browser set to open microsoft edge with gt previous pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack bypasses office 365 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'january patch tuesday sparse before windows security updates change microsoft offers up a meager january infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe information disclosure cve-2017-0111' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 yum-utils cesa-2018:2285 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jolet_manga_art thanks for showing the love how long have you been working with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1833-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in 2012 china vowed openstack will smash the monopoly of western cloud providers and in 2017 huawei infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theregister so phar so fud php flaw puts wordpress sites at risk of hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the threat from vpnfilter isn t over yet talossecurity discovered additional devices may be at risk learn more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt njdtone rey i just had my hair cut oracle netsuite nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader multiple flaws let remote users bypass security restrictions and execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla board of directors electionscall for nominations for group 1 department coordinators and officers subm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'controlplusb thanks for reaching out sean we suggest posting the in the chrome developer forum for more help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a chrome bug allowed hackers to extract your private data from facebook and other web platforms a new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows zero-day found in task scheduler' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3736-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware carries valid digital signatures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt torproject the nsa successfully broke the encryption of vpns run by al jazeera the iraqi military and airline reservation sy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manageengine adselfservice plus adds two-factor authentication support for windows logons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamer45tim it s our pleasure how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new release tor browser 7.5.6 updates firefox to 52.9.0esr and includes newer versions of noscript and https ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86_64 ipv6 reverse shell with password shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.1 source code packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off themify premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday cost less than 1.32 per theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations classof2018 with a bright future ahead hear from mcafee s paula greve as she shares career advic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a commenter on the virtual machine escape accomplished by compromising the edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog there s an end user gt system privilege escalation bug in windows via task scheduler it works also somebody hire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 blink same-origin policy privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 slashdot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2825 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_8_0-openjdk suse-su-2016:2887-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday fome sms portal 2.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update php5 opensuse-2017-62' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trulysassyblog also if it helps here s the difference between us and an individual wordpress installation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'succcccess if you re leaning towards a windows tablet let us know we have options that fit every need.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'labcorp investigating breach no evidence of misuse of data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to find your ip address in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twistermc vivaldibrowser webkit hi the browser already does it you will see a small icon in front of the line -hellosct1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9576 use after free memory corruption vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na dsa-3739 tomcat8 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security update cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure security update cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 openssl libsoup photonos-phsa-2018-1.0-0149 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm bigfix remote control up to 9.1.2 password policy weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mingis on tech the blockchain evolution from services to smartphones oracle joins other major tech infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome starts marking all http sites as not secure if you re using google chrome and you suddenly infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nine in ten nhs trusts still on windows xp infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yeatesjm hi julia try these steps to turn off translation on chrome see turn off translation hope it helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rjmendera we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web inspiration gallery script 1.0.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1450 sa167 saml authentication bypass when configured to authenticate network users with a saml' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aathmastralis what browser are you using does it happen if you use a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'npaquetteart we re glad to hear it are you enjoying any specific features in windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 openslp cesa-2018:2240 nessus plugin id 111339 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4232-1 xen security update nessus plugin id 110624 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1470-1 confuse security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mariadb and mysql cve-2017-3302 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0535-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 tiff image buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamarnali your site s jetpack connection appears to be broken in fact your entire site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bizarre chrome and firefox flaw exposed facebook details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix openssl advisory openssl_advisory27.asc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get_fletch our latest xps15now has w 7th-gen intel cpus nvidia graphics killer wifi amp new windows hello-capable fingerprint reader.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts clamav regression usn-3722-3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'progun1corn that s fantastic do you currently use windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android tsp sysfs cmd_store overflows packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the forgotten security frontier the phone call the reality is that office voice communications are not infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update ntp suse-su-2018:1765-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update imagemagick suse-su-2016:2964-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows enterprise mode site list 1 2 xml injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian bitbucket detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gentilkiwi gentle reminder when you delete certificates on windows it does not delete associated private keys on the disk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'safcakes we love the enthusiasm how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alithedeveloper thanks for sharing the day with us how have you been enjoying windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how windows 10 s data collection trades your privacy for microsoft s security hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jefheaton thanks for reaching out jeff we suggest posting the in the chrome developer forum for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thought two-factor auth completely locks down office 365 not quite theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel 2016 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pandasgoingwild excellent choice what kind of pc do you game on we d love to see your setup.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ohplssss that s what we like to hear which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsonsec thank you for the kind words we re always here if you have any questions on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security accurate cross-browser fingerprinting is possible researchers show' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over 8 800 wordpress plugins have flaws study infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorenz_4734 let s have you check out the minecraft windows 10 edition faq let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benrkuk sounds great to us ben which features are standing out to you the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brutelogic i can t believe we can trigger chrome s xss auditor that short' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking gmail to block javascript file attachments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches password-related vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86-64 reverse shell shellcode 84 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 jasper 2018-e6df7fcf75 nessus plugin id 110303 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany 3.28.2.1 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap afaria multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel chip flaw math unit may spill crypto secrets to apps modern linux windows bsds immune malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8251 a memory corruption vulnerability exists when windows media foundation improperly handles objects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6557 the motd update script in the base-files package in ubuntu 18.04 lts before 10.1ubuntu2.2 and ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paramoir thanks for the info can you restart your device and reopen chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roku and sonos devices have the same dns rebinding flaw reported in google home and chromecast devices last week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian police detained cybercriminals who broke into the accounts of 700 000 customers of popular internet stores' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-site scripting in google analytics dashboard wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips for using the top command in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-13 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomasreggi hi thomas can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the same issue in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foxyvevo we hope so too how has your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2768 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in technology cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off siteground get a free domain limited time deal wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aelkus rejectionking browserdotsys i honk that while maybe some operational elements could be outsourced to a ta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity thread about how excel is the dominant competitor to software startups' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cia officers work as scientists support staff engineers economists linguists mathematicians secretaries acco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome swiftshader texture allocation integer overflow topic google chrome swiftshader texture allocation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bartblaze golden ransomware flashes yellow black screen doesn t actually encrypt appears in-dev as there s no links inclu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 thunderbird rhsa-2018:2252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tenablecareers our new dublin office is ready amp we have many tech amp sales roles available gt careerzoo htt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq re oss-security docker 1.12.6 security advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create and delete virtual machine from command line in openstack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator urges government to kill off flash now infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle flexcube enterprise limits and collateral management 12.0.0 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android os wifi broadcast sensitive data exposure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper i am tired and sick of twitter its glory is all moonshine it is only those who have neither fired a tweet nor hea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rik_ferguson rik i m sorely disappointed in the recipe for securing my car s key fob from rf attacks all it did' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 bind shell shellcode 51 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrbenninger fantastic how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkitgtk data leak code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 gstreamer1-plugins-good elsa-2017-0020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4230-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'houston home to the most infected computers webroot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itgrrl northlandboy metlstorm oh and fyi next week s oilers is pretty win' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts evolution-data-server vulnerability usn-3724-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers say goodbye leak a batch of windows hacking tools help net security the shadow brokers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos google chrome htmlkeygenelement::shadowselect type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 53 on ios privilege escalation cve-2016-5193' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 55 pdf plugin same-origin policy privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1506-1 nessus plugin id 110341 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6663 unspecified security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues critical patch after flash zero-day bug actively exploited in middle east scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln lxc cve-2016-10124 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and again about storing passwords when the question of storing passwords arise the first idea is to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office the go-to platform for zero-day exploits darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theregister sueball claims apple broke hacking laws with battery throttling code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'best free video media players for linux os top 4 of 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle applications dba remote code execution vulnerability oracle applications dba is prone to a remote code-exec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cfos there s no need to rush on financial processes anymore oracle helps you build your tomorrow today by givin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the slammer worm is back after 13 years to target ancient sql servers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress drcsystems ethicsolutions jssor-slider library plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability topic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debpangdavis hi there we d like to look into the can you check if you re experiencing the in another browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux and l1tf networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cassitycolleen join oracle in supporting nature_org by donating to the plant a billion trees campaign' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tiger post 3.0.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 at velocityconf in san jose making a big oracle announcement at my 9am keynote there isn t a better web performa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver cve-2017-0449 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is updating windows notepad application for the first time in years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 glibc cesa-2018:1879 nessus plugin id 110648 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4131' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after a fake whatsapp app was discovered in the googleplaystore users are questioning what can be done to avoid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2936-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tgif weekend plans look promising who s up for some neighborhood mario kart 64 flashbackfriday fridayfeeling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysis of the global public vulnerability research market 2015 key companies are adobe flash amp ibm research' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minimal ubuntu for containers and clouds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0437-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'def con update researcher shows how to hack vpn services via voracle attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'built-in ethereum payments coming to opera browser for pc today opera announced that upcoming versions infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator ron wyden urges government ban on adobe flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the problem with passwords security awareness cyberspeak podcast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7287 the scripting engines in microsoft internet explorer 11 and microsoft edge allow remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'black friday cyber monday wordpress deals big savings 2016 edition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt m8urnett here s an interesting page that lists all the hosts that windows 10 connects to never seen the before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the simple browser extension will let you know if your password has been exposed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office magnetic hourglass relax with science filled with iron filings instead of sand the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284880 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 june 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barclaysukhelp 1 i am not sure why you have chosen to quote to me what i brought to your attention 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt circl_lu cve-2018-8225 windows dnsapi remote code execution vulnerability a remote code executio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mac malware uses old windows malware techniques just because macs aren t victims of malware that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache security update that covers multiple vulnerabilities with tomcat native multiple vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internet-connected teddy bear leaks millions of voice messages and password every parent should think infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome cve-2018-6148 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript redos openssh user enum update turning page tables exploit technique podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'veeam backup v2 for microsoft office 365 delivers data protection and recovery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite 12.x unconstrainted file download exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security cisco webex extension opens chrome users to drive-by malware attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off css hero easiest way to customize your wordpress site limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are widgets in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday november 30th 2016 tue infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mathiasydeyt hmm could you try updating chrome to the latest version and see if that helps here s how:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trango altum ac600 default root login packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'california lawmakers pass bill to give consumers broad privacy rights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal the metasploit module exploits an unauthenticated directory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0073 local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7264 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 office compatibility pack sp3 excel viewer excel for mac 2011 and excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook pledges tough election monitoring as critical internal memo from its chief security officer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel malformed gpos table buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee host intrusion prevention installed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec real design sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable xml-rpc in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2007 sp3 2010 sp2 2011 2013 sp1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'belyndariosword hi belynda are you still experiencing the we d love to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thakidkj excellent we re glad you like it let us know if you decide to pick it up.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux upgrade it hacking mcafee linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ultimate product catalog 4.3.11 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yeoboyeon we re always looking to improve is there anything from windows 7 that you d like to see on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maynahrd we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get ready to unwrap some sweet windows10 pc offers microsoftstore s 12 days of deals starts 12 5 preview now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle customer relationship management technical foundation 12.1.1 remote code execution vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm_hamzashaikh we love your excitement how is your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5222 incorrect handling of invalid urls in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac wind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cookiesandcyan i understood every word individually but the totality is gibberish.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joshgnosis peter dutton s office was vandalised overnight' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'via petapixel photographer trey ratcliff explains how and why he switched from apple to windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle agile product lifecycle management framework suite plm remote code execution vulnerability oracle agile p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an open letter to microsoft about poor windows 10 update experiences' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seventeen malicious docker containers earned cryptomining criminals 90 000 in 30 days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8404 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when the win32k component fails to properly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity massive oracle critical patch update fixes 270 vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenukorg sure thing reach us via passwordhelp wordpress.com.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center android security bulletin december 2016 what you need to know techrepub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clangmuir ah gotcha we love having users like you which windows features are you currently enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability linux enterpris' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office customers lose internet access as routers hijacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud gdpr is only the beginning in improving data protection here s a useful guide to help you get up to speed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shigoakin feel free to browse ours here just note some of these have slightly different' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imretofel that s great to hear how has your overall windows experience been otherwise we re checking in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manasranjangh we love your support how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple vulnerabilities in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution rss generated with fetchrss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unix linux running processes information nessus plugin id 110483 with info severity synopsis uses bin ps auxww' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0175 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dave_brown24 just do a movie on porkins and call it a day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozilla firefox opensuse-2017-368 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt getcltre tbt to the very entertaining digitalguardian podcast with kairoer wgragido and brokenfuses from data insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tobias_brohl got it could you also let us know on what operating system you re experiencing the we do want to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hypnotic_cutie that s awesome thanks for the compliment how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from the boardroom to your favorite coffeehouse mvision mobile protects you and eliminates the mobile blind s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s unhackable crypto-wallet allegedly hacked a week after challenge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4260-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'health care data of 2 million people in mexico exposed online a mongodb database was exposed online that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segmentsmack flaw in linux kernel allows remote dos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stasisgame we certainly appreciate your understanding how has the rest of your windows experience been treating you chris' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore get 4 free months of music to rock your world now from microsoftgroove hurry limited time offer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thefreedomsuite you can save these by clicking on the tabs you ve set aside button in the top left of the browse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats report spotlights innovative attack techniques cryptocurrency mining multisec mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog metasploit now has module ms17_010_eternalblue_win8 which works against windows 8 8.1 10 and 2012 without having' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fun fact my 1st paid security role as a linux developer was at a company that lied in their marketing saying the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee web gateway jmx service lets remote users execute arbitrary code on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator asks us agencies to remove flash from government websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google has kicked ahoy the anti-censorship app from the chrome store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google blocks chromeextension installations from 3rd-party sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is dns how to change dns records wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'employers holdings inc names bertrum carroll vice president chief information security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1442-1 mailman security update nessus plugin id 111314 with high severity synopsis the r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adimike55 hi adrian have you tried these steps open chrome and go to gt settings gt advanced gt system gt turn off' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evil back files apache server-status there is no backdoor in whatsapp injecting javascript in podcast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows drm issue could be exploited to uncloak tor browser drm tor hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do i get my wordpress site listed on google beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt k1ug3 the taliban releases excel pie charts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the logitech g car pack adds 7 new vehicles to forzahorizon3 e drive them all on xboxone and windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local microsoft windows media center 6.1.7600 ehshell.exe xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asparklinglady we re glad to hear your pc is working properly how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt knews_cy cyprus court will hear browder s case in july cyprus magnitsky browder knewscy knews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter unstoppable javascript attack helps ad fraud tech support scams 0-day attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'olischolz hey oliver we re glad you re enjoying windows hello are you enjoying any other awesome apps or features right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptocurrency service bancor robbed of millions myetherwallet users targeted via malicious vpn chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jjstarflyer gotcha the is because the browser doesn t get closed properly before the computer goes to sleep or shuts down.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 sudo rhsa-2016:2872' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps alibaba clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru michalpurzynski zaufana3strona no windows 10 uses a restricted user-mode fontdrvhost.exe process within an appco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami java-1.8.0-openjdk alas-2018-1054 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eiad456 firefox focus focus it still integrates with safari but now is a privacy browser that has tracking protection by default mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to retire windows 10 delta updates in 2019 starting on february 2019 the company will retire infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt icawebdesign malwrhunterteam i had to install flash player recently to watch a training video to complete my yearly security te' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11509 asustor adm 3.1.0.rfq3 uses the same default root:admin username and password as it does for the nas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coalition of cryptographers researchers urge guardian to retract whatsapp story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 23 perl-dbd-mysql 2016-bf6c3ea62c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp telegram flaw gives hackers full account access darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 xmlrpc3 cesa-2018:1779' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ccsp spotlight leon kolthof name leon kolthof title information security officer employer centric infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from wind patterns to body weight all that data is optimized amp powered for oracleteamusa by the oracle database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tarah see the job you want the job i m seeking a red team lead who will report to me at splunk be a leader creativ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.635 windows denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft office powerpoint 2010 mso oart heap out-of-bounds access exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw could allow browsing on locked systems vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bks files are being exposed to hash collisions allowing hackers to use bruteforce to attack c and java applica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnomead thanks for the kind words aiden have any other apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq secunia research microsoft windows type 1 font processing vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 thunderbird-enigmail 2018-1f651350de nessus plugin id 110387 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityaffairs gmail will stop allowing javascript .js file attachments starting february 13' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome will flag all remaining http pages as not secure venafi google http' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bluezconcepts hi there just to confirm have you tried these steps to repair chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacykit issue 4 of the cat herder is out biometric s still an unwelcome word in store street social media monitoring and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched windows zero day allows dos attacks possibly other exploits microsoft windows users beware of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-afte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast down reboot them to fix the glitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceidpagelock rootkit hijacks web browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server exploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gnutls suse-su-2017:0348-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'showmecon 2018 ll3nigmall s atat how to take on the entire rebellion with 2-3 stormtroopers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac if you are in tokyo on 19 june join sans faculty fellow hal_pomeranz for his presentation windows event logs fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday june 22nd 2018 fri jun 22nd infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uber is watching your smartphone s battery charge browser vendors battery api deprecation can t come infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac password-stealing flaw patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hinesamandaj we re happy to hear it which games are you playing the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 glibc phsa-2018-1.0-0159 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2016:3241-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rocketvector97 hi frank thanks for celebrating with us how are you enjoying windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastnameswood wow that s really impressive how long have you been gaming with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacking microsoft office amp openoffice with metasploit macro exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rkorton6 thanks for sharing it with us how has your windows experience been for you lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '99blocksyt we understand how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deleti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clicking whatsapp links making users vulnerable to cybercrime ians' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 redis phsa-2018-1.0-0156 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 56 blink content security policy privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deep analysis of the online banking botnet trickbot one month ago we captured a word document infected infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities oracle july 2018 critical patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 10.0.x lt 10.0.28 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability vios 2.2.3ibm vios 2.2.1 4ibm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'look what s that over there sophos nips windows dns dll false positive in the bud theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 55 fixes flaws blocks flash infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arista cloudvision portal bug revealed plus evidence it s been used theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome users get site isolation by default to ward off spectre attacks site isolation the optional infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july patch tuesday critical browser patches lazy fp exchange adobe vulns the month s patch tuesday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brown pants moment for bluejeans dozens of av tools scream its vid chat code is malware theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youloveclarissa we re glad to hear everything is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp security backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans security security assurance of docker containers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update mariadb suse-su-2016:2932-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t assemble information take advantage of it. steve daheb oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kylethesshd understood let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jfslowik jradcliffe02 and cdameffmd brought attention to how infosec can help those with ptsd or be a cause of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15425 insufficient policy enforcement in omnibox in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.84 allowed a remote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-3427 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3692-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center notorious iot botnets weaponize new flaw found in millions of home router' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jp_pereze hey could you dm me please curious about a sap thingy related to message server d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerc names bill lawrence as vp chief security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update cobbler opensuse-2018-655 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubiquiti networks cross site scripting cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-1251 chrome blink speech recognition controller use-after-free details cve-2015-1251 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco webex browser extension remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 perl-archive-tar 2018-10ae521efa nessus plugin id 110597 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft opens skip ahead ring for windows 10 redstone 6 insider builds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nulzsec new post extracting shellcode from javascript thu nov 24th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just another day at the office watch oracle s database cloud od team perform the mannequinchallenge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter analysis of the global public vulnerability research market 2015 key companies are adobe flash amp i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'turn on the floyd it s time to experience the near side of the moon with the celestial windows10 theme rock out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity news in brief d-link vulnerabilities sha-1 woe mysql hacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'go back to school in style andsubstance with an asus vivobook flip 14 running windows10 s get the details here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd wordpress multiple vulnerabilities b180d1fb-dac6-11e6-ae1b-002590263bf5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-5548 drivers net ieee802154 atusb.c in the linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'myfavoritethingaboutthe90si was young amp hadn t yet been so very disappointed with the world with work with the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'utahcon hi adam aww thanks we are so happy you enjoy using chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3155-1 firefox vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yuridiotirta hello there what s occurring to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macbook seized or stolen but you ve set a filevault password right ha it s useless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samihurme hmm we d like to have one of our experts look into the further could you post the in the chrome foru' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'even microsoft was using excel to manage its risk before they got the archer religion and began to be more consistent rsaarchersummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm_divetodie hi there is there something we can help you with we want your to enjoy your windows 10 experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking f-secure safe manages protection for windows android macos and ios devices however others cost less do more http' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssl 1.1.0 lt 1.1.0i multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceomcmxd excellent which new features are you enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 top pieces of advice for cisos the cyber security market is overwhelmed by buzzwords artificial infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s shell game 2 new ways to deploy windows 10 networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oxforddiplomat i am sorry but no policy recommendation on the irish border under any circumstances should ever contain the word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meanwhile it s been almost two years since facebook changed the whatsapp privacy policy in breach of eudatap tim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics the first side is titled find evil know normal it focuses on what processes are normal on a windows 10 host how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts tomcat6 tomcat7 regression usn-3177-2 httpoxy nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to aelia_ie infosec wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heidimaebush just to confirm have you tried disabling any antivirus firewall application temporarily and restart chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you to redhat for being a gold sponsor of linuxcon containercon cloudopen china taking place june 25' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-02 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110523 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hancitor banking trojan is back using malicious word attachment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'michaelbroley thank you hope you enjoy it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 52.0.2743.116 linux remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 rsyslog 2018-2818fc5308 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba4 rhsa-2018:1883 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scam report 3000 chief security officers reveal costs of breaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vuln fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cip project announces a collaboration with debian lts and cybertrust japan as a new member marking continue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql server 5.5.53 5.6.34 5.7.16 dml denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear addresses password bypass vulns in 31 router models a warning the week about security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pet listing script 3.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1800-1 important mariadb an update that fixes 12 vulnerabilities is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'command and control browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase get the most out of your data with the power of automation join oracle autonomous database virtual world tour on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting topic wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4224-1 gnupg security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q amp a with kim detecting smartphone viruses unusual cooking utensils preventing windows 10 harvesting and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polly.js a standalone framework-agnostic javascript library that enables recording replaying and stubbing http' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sjrodriguez24 hi there do you have any questions we could help with we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realmissgongju hmm okay let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component joomloc-lite 1.3.2 site_id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clone 2 go video converter 2.8.2 unicode buffer overflow exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3112-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raspberry pi as physical backdoor to office networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc networker amqp flaw lets remote users monitoring the network obtain passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12828 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have a use of a component with a known vulnerability vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations on your stellar growth indiewire poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security complain management system sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off themeisle premium wordpress themes use coupon tibf2016 cost less than 4 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samiekblad hi sami a new version of chrome is now available that fixes the learn how to update here thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microsoft wireless d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5025 ffmpeg in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for linux windows and mac failed to perform proper b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin tagregator 0.6 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 7 readykernel-patch vza-2018-052 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer chrome timeline extension removed over windows trademark infringement by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi oracle buys cyber attack target dyn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla fastball 3.2.8 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'troubleshooting disk usage on a linux server with ncdu linuxbsdos do you know what is taking up space on yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt virusbtn the call for papers for the fourth edition of the blackhoodie reverse engineering workshop for women will remain op' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dandarkpill john mcafee security expert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 13.0 13.1 13.37 14.0 14.1 14.2 current git ssa:2018-152-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diaz last year we were thinking about how we could harness our talents for good ibm partnered with the un linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 qutebrowser 2018-35325c9faf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mzurihamd that s amazing we love having loyal users like you what has been your favorite change to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux linux-esx photonos-phsa-2018-1.0-0151 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eduardkovacs sql slammer tiny worm that managed to wreak havoc in january 2003 appears to have recommenced activity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus username is gacadmin15 and the password is typing allah-u akbar from a very nice shamoon 2.0 malware analysis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stopmalvertisin threatpost threatlist spam s revival is tied to adobe flash s demise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 qemu-kvm rhsa-2017:0621' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'josh wood joshixisjosh9 of red hat is next up to keynote the morning at ossummit in vancouver discussing software is people' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daprechatwitch we re glad to hear everything is running properly which windows features have caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update pax-utils opensuse-2017-332' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0patch releases micropatch for windows task scheduler zero-day helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer a few months ago we decided to make a new module for our infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity officers visit eldwick primary school as part of west yorkshire police s safer internet forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aelkus if there is ever a movie made about the the coen brothers need to direct' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '180 degrees of beauty is yours to behold in the wide-angle windows10 theme take it all in here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt carey_olsen these pups always my loyal buddies oracle netsuite nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 gluster storage rhsa-2017:0484' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise cs financial aidcve-2018-3076 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-7187 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv6 s exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorriew_art on what site are you working have you checked if clearing your browser cache or using a different bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday pale moon browser amp lt 27.9.3 use after free vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9479 the lost password functionality in the lost password functionality in b2evolution befo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a common misconception when it comes to hurricanes is that the wind is the most dangerous aspect of the storm in r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sapragus music to our ears rami which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1948-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8233 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when the win32k component fails to properly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-173 microsoft edge javascript parsing uninitialized pointer remote code execution vulnerability the vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1812-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hackers attempt to exploit critical apache struts vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian police detained cybercriminals who broke into the accounts of 700 000 customers of popular internet stores' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justinbrookman sadly no i had planned to be . but . can t now.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new office 365 phishing attack uses malicious links in sharepoint documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. cookcountydhsem infosec office is teaming up w anomali to support local governments in fighting cyberattacks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow v1.1 sql injection web vulnerability vulnlab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the entire thread. tagging window who is now chief security officer vice president and general manager of int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1437-1 slurm-llnl security update nessus plugin id 111222 with high severity synopsis th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to yo9fah ispireme security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86 tcp 4444 bindshell shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2186-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quietstormceo good to know what was it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jlwallen s linuxdotcom best of 2017 distro list includes parrot security see the other picks here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update ntp suse-su-2018:1765-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews oracle announces acquisition of dyn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel tcp reassembly algorithm lets remote users consume excessive cpu resources on the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the eye of the storm a look at eyepyramid the malware supposedly used in high-profile hacks in italy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password analyst says qanon s codes are consistent with random typing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'future filesilo stored your passwords in plaintext then got hacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zpalmer1414 oh no have you tried these steps to repair chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-azure vulnerabilities usn-3678-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozillans call for new moz: a logo to actually work in browsers logo picked to represent internet roots infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with easier access to your phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atingleee that s awesome charles do you plan on running windows on your new pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.4.22 uaccess.h _get_user_asm_ex privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lovablepearl music to our ears how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday july 12th 2018 thu jul infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anton_bane excellent choices how many chicken dinners have you won so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office playing with power nintendo nes classics send your 12-year-old nes-loving self a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.18.1 denial of service memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isthatangel hi angel have you already seen the fluent design implemented in windows 10 we think you d like it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cms sql injection topic cms sql injection risk medi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libtcnative-1-0 opensuse-2016-1375' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install wordpress on amazon web services step by step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-676 microsoft windows ado recordset update use-after-free information disclosure vulnerability the vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to-do for windows 10 is getting another update with new features the microsoft to-do app for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities google chrome prior to 68' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tjz1100 we re glad your experience has improved over the years are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018-08-21 malspam using html attachments gt lnk files for windows infections 2018-08-21 malspam infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 bouncycastle 2018-da9fe79871 nessus plugin id 110599 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity news in brief big brother in india hacking warning to journalists wordpress sites hit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6677 directory traversal vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web gateway mwg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2983 adobe shockwave versions 12.2.7.197 and earlier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 30 off restrict content pro wordpress membership site plugin use coupon bfcm2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'design your own future digital disruption makes that possible says oracle ceo safra catz' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2384-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos tor browser lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a strong password and beat the hackers avast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explicitbaron wordpress have you tried the other troubleshooting recommendations as well' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3140-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s feature interview is up hilary_louise talks to invano about the boom in linux malware thanks iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5578 remote security vulnerability fusion middleware cve-2016-5578' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevadrenaline hi there we re glad you re enjoying it have any other apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ita_tennis we are thrilled to announce a multi-year extension of our alliance with oracle big things ahead as we work togeth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tech2eets sunil_abraham whatsapp facebook hmmm really' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new smashinsecurity podcast tackling passwords grab it from itunes or listen here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 plugin local file inclusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt protohedgehog do not add the as the url for a bookmark:javascript:location.hostname .sci-hub.tw which when you click on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2449 sap srm mdm catalog versions 3.73 7.31 7.32 in sap netweaver 7.3 import functionality does not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off envira gallery premium wordpress gallery plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samba vulnerability windows patch tuesday amd flaws early memcached attacks podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 mujs zathura-pdf-mupdf 2016-49a72fb9bd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh client 6.x 7.x lt 7.41 denial of service dos vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 yum-utils alas-2018-1063 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt andrew___morris unpopular opinion use of the word prefix cyber unironically is completely fine and being dramatic or making a st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux is the most successful opensource project in history facts now find out what we can do to make your pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emergency update zero-day exploit in adobe flash infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-7187 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday social network script 3.01 id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install go on linux mint 18 and ubuntu 16.04 linuxbsdos go or golang is an open source programming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'git remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux mint 18.1 serena beta ubuntu-based operating system now available for download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt einsteinsattic excellent explainer on today s action in parliament by iandunt as does ian a shout' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 13.0 13.1 13.37 14.0 14.1 14.2 current gnupg ssa:2018-170-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11633 an issue was discovered in the multidots woo checkout for digital goods plugin 2.1 for wordpress if' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2016-5545 remote security vulnerability oracle vm virtualbox cve-2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq i believe it was pointed out a couple years ago that whatsapp messages are recoverable from the sqlite db via stand' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brodanoel what kind of performance issues are you seeing a lot of factors could affect the at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::executescripturi use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therealiseelt we re glad your pc is running smoothly how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '21-year-old woman charged with hacking selena gomez privacy passwords security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 docker rhsa-2017:0116 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter b2b alibaba clone script category.php industryid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not only the containers at fishermanswharf that need to be secured drop by booth g5 at dockercon to found' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps carry hidden windows 10 malware over 140 apps on the google play store have been discovered infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts amd64-microcode update usn-3690-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12895 wordpress through 4.9.6 allows author users to execute arbitrary code by leveraging dir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just updated w a second statement from dlink s chief information security officer who says the ftc charges are' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solo8201 hey there be sure to learn more about activation in windows 10 here please let' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows xp still used by 90 of nhs hospital trusts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 xen ovmsa-2016-0165' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'back to the basics the problem with forcing regular password expiry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bloomcon 2017 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cryindia shoutout to oraclevolunteers for their support to the childrensday event at yeshwantpur government school in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvtheengineer pretty neat right which games are you streaming on windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp 2.18.61 memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-724-1 mcabber security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-16133 cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 allows directory traversal via a .. in the uri cvss:0.0 last up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wearetroopers videos of tr18 sap security track feat jvis martingalloar _1ggy amp many' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd2ultima hi christian could you check whether location sharing is enabled in google chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm aix 5.3 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2825-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fcg_security zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections via securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bryson_is_real excellent thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday december 7th 2016 wed dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drale2k vysecurity ionut_ilascu you should wait to the next revision of the cable as it will have more capability in the field.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt linuxaudit understanding memory information on linux systems guide processes ram' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t adobe acrobat auto-installed a vulnerable chrome extension on windows pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uudreams excellent is there a specific budget that you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the need for better password security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gerardhough twitter what is your device linux mint mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high-severity chrome vulnerabilities earn researcher 32k in rewards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver xml external entity information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tonybaer and here s my take on oracle atp 18c ovum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as we launch our appeal challenging police forces refusal to disclose info about imsicatchers pi legal officer sc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office for windows updated with new features for insiders microsoft has just announced a new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybersecboardrm ready for more secure authentication try these password alternatives and enhancements cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoomeye iot search engine cached login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua dvrs securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tdpubs hi there we just wanted to check in with you how s everything running we d love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why cisos need a security reality check by splunk ciso joel fulton' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0174 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vincent hoang named hawaii s chief information security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom buys business software firm ca for 18.9 billion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortigate fortios up to 5.2.8 5.4.0 password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd chromium incorrect handling of csp header 4cb49a23-6c89-11e8-8b33-e8e0b747a45a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smplayer 18.6.0 memory corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity fortinet appoints phil quade as chief information security officer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb login authentication script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adminoffice hello you have 4bg of memory ram right mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thelukebrewer we re glad you re a fan luke how has your overall windows experience been lately we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'techhelplistcom sophos suspicious is hips it s an extra layer of scanning i believe i haven t used the linux cl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt digininja good write up on an attack against wordpress update mechanism which could allow rce and then fake' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update php53 suse-su-2018:2044-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google quietly enables site isolation feature for 99 of chrome desktop users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swapnilchichani welcome back to team windows how is your experience so far we re here to help if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'comedian2001 thanks for the love how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee report cryptomining malware grew more than 600 in the first quarter the year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update nextcloud opensuse-2018-712 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cisco-sa-20170310-struts2 apache struts2 jakarta multipart parser file upload code execution vulnerability affecting cisco products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2583 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office online server and microsoft office web apps june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'websector.ge cms sql injection amp admin page bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12533 jboss richfaces 3.1.0 through 3.3.4 allows unauthenticated remote attackers to inject expression lan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a neat and clean open software to use the ct logs to find specific threats or abuses thanks to cbrocas and thdamon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium rhsa-2017:0462 java-1.8.0-ibm security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.5 ion.c ion_ioctl privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk cyber security boffins dispense ubuntu 18.04 wisdom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shionas_sans word pentestde timmedin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft .net framework cve-2016-7270 information disclosure vulnerability type vulnerability the microsoft .ne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 54 blink updatelifecyclephasesinternal buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel powermemory v1.4 dump of local passwords hashes based on powerdump amp nishang by leveraging krnl dbger to get syst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast leak location information researchers found' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libtiff 2018-44c6f91560 nessus plugin id 110388 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a wp-config.php file in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers qihu_official and icebrgdotio found a zero-day flash exploit targeting the middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libxtst opensuse-2016-1422' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress multiple plugin file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poll do you use a password manager password managers are convenient affordable and essential to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2988-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenable network security appoints amit yoran as chairman and chief executive officer tenable network infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows insider build 15031 for pc adds dynamic lock and compact overlay windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq rt-sa-2016-003 less.js compilation of untrusted less files may lead to code execution through the java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9418 mybb aka mybulletinboard before 1.8.8 on windows and mybb merge system before 1.8.8 o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2151' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. oracleacademy partners with nonprofit gerandofalcoes institute in sao paulo brazil to change the lives of stu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux phsa-2018-1.0-0169 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news today the linux foundation announced 22 new silver and associate members meet them all here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imedf music to our ears which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 red hat jboss core services apache http server 2.4.29 rhel 6 rhsa-2018:2186 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts openjdk-6 vulnerabilities usn-3154-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'c2dev2 music to our ears are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dojo toolkit 1.13 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows server message block request handling flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive inf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gersmandan hi dan just to confirm have you tried restarting your device and reopen chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller probe yields hacking indictments for 12 russian military officers gru hackers used bitcoin to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medical clinic website script add_team_member.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel sound core pcm_lib.c local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook unveils delegated recovery to replace traditional password recovery methods how do you reset infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tonywonderfire that s odd can you try with a new chrome profile and check if the issue persists keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin comments import amp export lt 2.0.4 csv injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securesphere 12.0.0.50 sealmode shell escape packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google once again publicly discloses windows bug after microsoft fails to patch it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 abap injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you still using a mysql version below than 5.6.4 for your mispproject installation we ask because for the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dear jeremy_hunt theresa_may no the public will blame the tories and all u.k mps who brought us to the destruc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt katicaroy stefihane christinecuoco cquarles fortunetech brainstormtech pipelineequity the pipelineequity team agrees w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15876 an issue was discovered in the ajax-bootmodal-login plugin 1.4.3 for wordpress the register form l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco ios xr default password lets local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9555 the sctp_sf_ootb function in net sctp sm_statefuns.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.8 lacks chunk-le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update wireshark opensuse-2016-2923' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts cve-2018-11776 results with no namespace remote code execution s2-057 remote nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel x86 mm gup.c local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam uses recipient s hacked passwords here s a clever new twist on an old email scam that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel management engine jtag buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 gst-plugins-good0.10 gst-plugins-good1.0 vulnerabil nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1441-1 sympa security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews watch out cybercriminals using a new simple yet effective technique to bypass microsoft office 365 anti-phishin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress twentyfourteen theme default theme full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech freelancer script 5.13 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 update broke dhcp knocked users off the internet microsoft has quietly fixed a software infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1475-1 tomcat-native security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt msftnews 5 reasons why everyone should learn to code hourofcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is the difference between posts vs pages in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter tor browser zero-day strikes again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure recent corporate breaches have taught us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 c-ares vulnerability usn-3143-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neufordman we really appreciate your patience john can you tell us more about the we want you to have a great windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'installing exchange 2016 on windows server 2016 not so fast if you are considering deploying the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromatidx ah glad to hear you were able to get it sorted how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update nodejs4 opensuse-2016-1403' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech news portal script 6.28 sc parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 red hat jboss web server 3.1.0 service pack 4 rhsa-2018:2469 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability suse li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure library loading code execution topic sambroadcaster pro 2018.7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thingsidontembrace cookies your browsing history surveillance capitalism love tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your web browsing history can be linked to your social media accounts help net security your web infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts tomcat7 tomcat8 vulnerabilities usn-3723-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joshrubin relaunched today in collaboration with our fantastic partner wordpressdotcom the new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15426 insufficient policy enforcement in omnibox in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.84 allowed a remote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 libvirt euleros-sa-2018-1197 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sec0ps windows zero day pops up on twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt geeknik a reliable exploit for cve-2018-11776 struts st2-057 is released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9563 bc-bmt-bpm-dsk in sap netweaver as java 7.5 allows remote authenticated users to conduct xml externa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'migi_ude hi there check out the guide about repairing chrome when it s not responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 openslp elsa-2018-2240 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter blackberry sending march security patch to its android phones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel tcp vulnerability 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project arm grant table v2 dos xsa-268 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts pango1.0 vulnerability usn-3750-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql server cve-2017-3313 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter phplist 3.2.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2572-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt itsreallynick madeleyjosh derekcoulson brandonkoeller key changes to the mailbox auditing feature for office 365 commercial us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5967 the time subsystem in the linux kernel through 4.9.9 when config_timer_stats is enabled allows loc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dahua hikvision iot devices under siege krebsonsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress yop poll plugin cve-2017-2127 unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eagle speed usb modem software privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erikuma right on how long have you been a windows insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to style wordpress navigation menus updated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity data breach are you an android forums user resets your passwords now infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker growing triple-digit revenues ceo says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 webkit cross site scripting vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 webkit cross s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pcmag whatsapp telegram patch file-upload bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akolsuoicauqol at least they have updated the password to the current year progress fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln vmware vsphere data protection cve-2016-7456 authentication bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3161-3 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps oracle glassfish ose 4.1 path traversal metasploit exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3442 vulnerability in the oracle customer vulnerability in the oracle customer interaction hist' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fjthom hmm have you tried clearing your cache and cookies then relaunching chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sql slammer comeback' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recent wordpress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dotmudge after the election my name started to float around inside the oval office of the incumbent as a possible option for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use open vswitch 2.9 with kvm on centos 7 rhel 7 server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm execve amp quot bin sh amp quot amp quot bin sh amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seanwbrooks other attacks were as you might expect taking advantage of out of date software unsecured websites and services etc 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damaris_laura hi laura we re here to help what happens when you launch chrome tell us more about the issue.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lewis_medeiros how odd be sure to let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sirhc hi chris have you tried these steps to repair chrome if it freezes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2017:0176' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behavioral research showing consumers choosing paswordless mfa 70 of consumers will choose passwordless infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bunbunwalks we re glad to hear you re up and running again how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark password vault web access .net object deserialization nessus plugin id 110287 with critical severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues over 100 patches for flash acrobat and reader threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 amp 039 inode amp 039 integer overflow 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 popular password manager apps found leaking your secrets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i know i ve been on about 70 hours of travel the past week but i feel like i missed mcafee having a psychotic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3212-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday mc buy and sell cars script 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bromium wins 2016 government security news homeland security awards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frostyoreos hi there are you seeing an error message try browsing in incognito mode let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils httpd mercurial mysql net paramiko patch pycrypto python3 sqlit nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledx how can your smb take advantage of transformational technologies to innovate in today s ever-changing digital worl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flash player remains target of choice for exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker 1.12.6 security advisory fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6686 authentication bypass vulnerability in tpm autoboot in mcafee drive encryption mde 7.1.0 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt greghadfield breaking information commissioner s office iconews considers action against uklabour over handling of subject' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hacks4pancakes i wonder how many security orgs absolutely adore splunk but have been totally priced out of its use in the last few' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nothing about the shadowbrokers in the latest indictment i wonder if russia had their hand it that as well.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ftp injection flaws in java and python allows firewall ftp python java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rainbowgem_x hi there chrome chat support isn t available what s going on with google chrome let us know amp we ll try our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide to troubleshooting wordpress errors step by step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the elite microsoft hacker team that keeps windows pcs safe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeffreyblum you re welcome the webmaster s forum will be able to help you further on the reach out if you have any chrome questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'running docker for windowns here s everything you ever wanted to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popup by supsystic wordpress plugin vulnerable to cross-site request forgery fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-627 adobe flash player worker out-of-bounds read remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 download amp amp execute shellcode 358 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hack the planet as we enjoy another era of hacking renaissance hackers are problem solvers identifying broken syst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'goonwave welcome to windows 10 how has the transition been for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm java sdk cve-2018-1656 directory traversal vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3443 vulnerability in the oracle common applications vulnerability in the oracle common applica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-144 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1438-1 opencv security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new clipboard malware monitors the windows clipboard for cryptocurrency addresses and replace its own address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the difference between being broke and being poor longreads poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metalacid93 hi there play store and android apps are available for download on selected chromebooks for now for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'man-cgi local file inclusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup monitoring for docker containers using prometheus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows uniscribe multiple bugs let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation exp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache openoffice text document malicious macro execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maestas_dave oh no just to double-check have you also tried resetting your chrome settings keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to customize the display of wordpress archives in your sidebar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lecoeursec we appreciate fans like you how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 expat ovmsa-2016-0168' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami 389-ds-base alas-2018-1036 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'miandroside hi there the looks like a browser issue have you tried clearing your browser s cache or even trying a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases july 2018 security bulletin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud thrilled to have seasoned biz leaders cathywalker3 vodafoneuk amp yvonne chien abcam w our gm ipsenlaura' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'selendrile thanks for the feedback if we get enough demand it might just happen for now private browsing is available on fx android at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese espionage group temp.periscope targets cambodia ahead of july 2018 elections and reveals broad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pjkavo fantastic are there any other features on windows 10 that has helped you do more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to view ssl certificate in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'football app tracks illegal broadcasts using your microphone and gps infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kfc s colonel club hacked 1.2 million advised to change passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'publicly disclosed windows vulnerabilities await patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xpaula3x thanks for your feedback to clarify which device are you using windows 10 on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more than 10 000 exposed mongodb databases deleted by ransomware groups networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamjlong we re glad to hear it have you been using windows to work on any cool projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mybb like 3.0.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deloitteoracle attending oraclembx stop by the deloitte stand in the innovation showcase amp learn how cloud can help your organ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog new technique if you have system rights you can take over any rdp rds session without knowing their password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wix vs wordpress which one is better pros and cons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ressym hi teresa you can find more info on reactivating windows 10 after a hardware change here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extracting all urls from pdfs chrome vs cryptojacking fake kaspersky web-rtc leaks podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new zombie script deluges internet explorer 11 with persistent pop-up alerts until user closes the tab:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3741-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux phsa-2017-0049 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3728-3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 memory corruption vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marsico capital management has decreased alibaba group hldg ltd baba position by 8.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution topic javascript core arbitrary code execution risk high text: load' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'michealknight12 how fun cortana is quite the singer right we re glad you re enjoying all of the features of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vadegames hey there how s everything running for you after the install we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sylviadscrngs what is your site s address if you have a self-hosted wordpress site you won t be able to use those creds to log in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sorry bliss6a the is an offer-exclusive shirt but you ll still receive one if you sign up for for bundles linux certs prep courses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitchellclong since it is self-hosted the sounds like a good question for wordpress community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft windows kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change your wordpress username' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sophiemccrory2 hi there let s try the steps in the guide to repair chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2373-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity block adverts delete flash kill java asd infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast expose location data by infosecuritymag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swati_thn vmware patches a critical code execution vulnerability in airwatch agent for android and windows mobile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ddos attacks via wordpress now come with encryption kaspersky lab reports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3205-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas podcast alert ctoadvisor in conversation with oci executives kash_iftikhar and rahul patil on oracle s unique' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecedge happy friday here s some bot protection humor to kick off your long weekend' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter predictions 2017 goodbye flash hello jscript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0097 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday sap netweaver as java p4 mspruntimeinterface information disclosure vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals google chrome suffers from an integ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 jscript amp 039 reg exp base::fbad header amp amp 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 jboss eap rhsa-2017:0171' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trishmcfarlane . oracle autonomous database system auto provisions and deallocates service when use is low scales up when you ne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps viral image sharing script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp s encrypted messages can be vulnerable to mitm attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deleti 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec takas classified cogeigniter php classified ad script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner peer insight award for mcafee siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kr_metus hmm let s try the steps in the guide to fix sync issues in chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for wednesday november 30th 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'turns out that you can do incredible incredible things with powerpoint includes link to ppt for you to downloa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonp09 hi jon unfortunately all of our current openings are tied to the office locations listed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrismayhew87 thanks for doing that your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display wordpress post thumbnails with captions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take a look at the brand new oracle internetintelligence map' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no the fbi are not sending bitcoins to the shadowbrokers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3149-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4272-1 linux security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php template store script 3.0.6 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows limited bypass of traverse permissions in kernel object manager packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ems master calendar cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday itech auction script 6.49 pid parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4236-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 linux linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3677-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k8em0 i remember contacting federal law enforcement when that australian kid released the iphone worm years ago i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'professorhines it s such a great time to be a windows fan which features have stood out to you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a holistic broadly integrated and deeply ingrained approach to cybersecurity is the best way to fortify agains' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kubernetes info api access nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ca common services on aix hp-ux linux solaris privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another nasty linux kernel bug surfaces' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows ces2017 toshibausa debuts new port g x20w premium 2-in-1 convertible designed to make the most of windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report more than 100k wordpress web pages defaced following disclosure of patched bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lynyrdsremmurd oh no have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it becomes unresponsive does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus plugin id 110971 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitdefender disables anti-exploit monitoring in chrome after google policy change' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update bluez suse-su-2018:1778-1 blueborne nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postfix virtual hosting with ldap backend and with dovecot as imap pop3 server on ubuntu bionic beaver 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alienvault has executed on its vision for combating today s security threats check out the awesome new custo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenicomstha it is a wordpress site but we re only able to help with wordpress sites that are hosted by us you s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '510 million password hashes in 1gb of ram' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cnoanalysis cardinal rule of analysis the word possible must not be modified the urge to write just possible barely pos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown how marketing can help improve sales efficiency' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hordak82 that s amazing todd have you checked out the other new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle fusion middleware multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top security pros ask guardian to remove false whatsapp claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get the most out of your data with the power of automation join oracle autonomous database virtual world tour on j' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu network-manager-applet permission checking flaw lets local users bypass login screen security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 things you should do when inheriting a wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7279 microsoft internet explorer 9 through 11 and microsoft edge allow remote attackers to e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2152 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle gives fcc a great big sloppy kiss you re doing a great job axing net neutrality privacy but why infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when i grew up i thought the fbi was cool like scully and mulder how disappointing life is.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8394 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly discloses th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'movie portal script 7.36 film-rating.php v sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'max_firestorm hey max we wanted to check in how is your device currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt detroitenglish new passwords are now checked against the haveibeenpwned database and scored using the zxcvbn library big thank' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thetrueunkind could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps after rese' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts 2.3.5 2.3.31 2.5.x lt 2.5.10.1 jakarta multipart parser rce remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable the regi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9806 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday august 16th 2018 thu aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guymanutd understood could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps af' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apple makes fun of windows says its ipad pro doesn t get any virus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-1730 msie jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption details and poc fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amfarmin2 we love your excitement which new features are you enjoying the most in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas why andythurai is betting on oracle cloud infrastructure integrity culture and vision read his full story her' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress simply poll 1.4.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert found a 0day rce in microsoft windows jscript component securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix java advisory java_oct2016_advisory.asc october 2016 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phurstclass wonderful have any new windows features been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dridex is back uses new windows uac bypass method' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat developer discovers simpler way to crack wpa2 wireless passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclefreerides is back at nrf17 look for us outside the javits center and the westin tsq open to all attendees' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smb zero-day exploit on the loose darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0099 remote denial of service vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases august 2018 security updates to patch a total of 11 vulnerabilities in its flashplayer creative c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1395-1 php-horde-image security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_remository component id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday july 25th 2018 wed jul 25th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 4.6.3 netfilter privilege escalation exploit remote exploits 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12716 the api service on google home and chromecast devices before mid-july 2018 does not prevent dns rebi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we are thrilled to partner with the linux foundation for the vital initiative that fosters more innovation more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt graphistry tonight visual ir hunting via gpus bro_ids corelight_inc splunk massive graphs graphistry .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-016 important security update for windows iis 4013074 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spookeden that s music to our ears which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd node.js multiple vulnerabilities 0904e81f-a89d-11e8-afbb-bc5ff4f77b71 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lams cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need xmas ideas try cve-2015-7645 a flash gift that keeps on giving theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress wp-json content injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel a security expert discovered a serious infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 mobile prompts users to update their pc as anniversary update support nears end' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7 release candidate is here for testing help us make sure it s ready for release on december 6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking agilebits 1password syncs passwords and personal data across all your devices it s not quite as automated as many' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter trendmicro interscan 6.5-sp2_build_linux_1548 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanspaper a checklist for audit of docker containers read full paper devops security audit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability sap internet graphics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_martinmills hmm okay let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eduardkovacs no backdoor but whatsapp can snoop encrypted conversations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows antivirus best pc antivirus free amp paid antivirus 2017 uk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theklingon that s quite impressive which windows 10 features help you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'index chatnow v1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivanka trump to receive west wing office and access to classified information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another beautiful day a short 3 mile planning exercise with the office assistant' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1927-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsjet in that setting you can select the type of history including browsing history search history cache and cookies rm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'etharomea if there is a demand for it meanwhile tracking protection is built into private browsing in firefox for android gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability ibm bigfix remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip mysql vulnerability k16845 backronym nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3161-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt forbes with artificial intelligence sometimes less is more paid oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orclcitizenship high school students from mpbgc experience a day in the life of a sales professional at oracle as part of focus o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and python ftp attacks can punch holes through firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp jetdirect path traversal arbitrary code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution topic oracle weblogic server deserialization remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android chief squashes rumors of android merging with chrome os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atharexplores we think so too athar what has been your favorite windows 10 feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dyketacular sounds like fun are you playing any other old school games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:xmlrpc 2018-6e6f1003d6 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10864 an uncontrolled resource consumption flaw has been discovered in redhat-certification in the way doc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and python plagued by bug allowing attackers to avoid firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techhelplistcom hsafteam neonprimetime godaddyhelp godaddy asap i could show you phishes that godaddy left up for years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we don t mean to alarm you but ibm s mcafee-as-a-service cloudy antivirus is wobbling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8020 apache tomcat native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 has a flaw that does not prope' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero-day flaw and poc unveiled via twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows speech recognition buffer overflow exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new vulnerability discovered in the oracle database javavm component can result in complete database compromise a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minadarsh music to our ears are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awesumsawz that s fantastic are any apps or features in windows 10 helping you stay productive at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kimzetter the hack bypasses the iphone s password-guessing limit the security feature that prevented the fbi from getting in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'criticalroot please email help wordpress.com from the email address connected to your account we cannot help with the via twitter.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whitesnake9191 are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like to take a deeper look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-002 security update for microsoft office 3214291' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update bash opensuse-2016-1374 shellshock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install ionic mobile app framwork on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akbuilder a builder for exploit-laden word documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux-azure vulnerabilities usn-3678-3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru meet brokentype the font fuzzing toolset that helped me find 39 vulns in the windows kernel and user-mode uniscri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mc_odd hmm can you double-check your location settings in chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local windows dvd maker 6.1.7 xml external entity injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vulnerability in microsoft smbv3 protocol crashes windows pcs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users has now been patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability microsoft internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects enterprise remote code injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh client 6.x 7.x lt 7.41 denial of service dos vulnerability nessus plugin id 110289 with medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eepixx you can t on your windows phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi is probing sundance cyberattack that forced box office to close' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla appointments for jomsocial 3.8.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thepacketrat techhelplistcom r0wdy danielgallagher malwrhunterteam most clinics do not have dedicated it a nurse is probably windows admin.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issues 270 critical patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in defense of javascript crypto thai duong wrote a great post outlining why he likes javascript crypto infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'consumer choice of uk broadband isp impacted by reputation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you think . google s ban on cryptomining extensions for chrome will help decrease cryptojackingattacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ruthcm69 excellent is there a specific budget that you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafeeskyhigh mcafee_labs mcafee_news evanderburg do you want penetrate an airport network an rdp access to i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'achmadfarid96 we suggest checking out office online microsoft personal shopping assistant and adblock you can fi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_home join garyjdavis for a chatstc today at 3p.m edt 12p.m pdt as he talks online safety tips for back-to-school' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability17 feb 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser user interface security browser hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 thunderbird cesa-2018:2252 nessus plugin id 111341 with high severity synopsis the remote centos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spinal fluid changes in space may impair astronauts vision study finds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity vulnerability dos exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcomeau_ictx it seems you are using an older version of chrome have you tried updating it to the latest version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysis finds high-risk vulnerabilities in four popular wordpress e-commerce plug-ins l wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote code exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mckayspencer hi spencer what s occurring to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 under attack now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jxxf i love the picture of admiral grace hopper.some photographer is in her office probably for a mandatory photo op' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pcmag . dell s new premium chromebook has a built-in stylus ifa2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thelucastds ah okay we appreciate your patience let s have you try the windows app troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker adds continuous integration to datakit your code tested as soon as you send it to github here s a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress contact form maker plugin multiple security vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcdonalds website insecurity leaves passwords open to hamburgling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterrhythm hi aster what happens when you re trying to load pages on chrome is there an error message we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password spraying for ad accounts critical cisco patches podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 139099-07 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 's_p_enright your bookmarks gets deleted if you reset your browser settings did you export bookmarks as an html file before resetting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookhaven rhic via the comic content delivery system known as randal munroe at xkcd permalink infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2015-1328 the overlayfs implementation in the linux aka the overlayfs implementation in the linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dyn watching ceo markvhurd speak during the oracle employee summit here in our manchester new hampshire office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 10th 2018 tue jul 10th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off bluehost wordpress hosting get a free domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s penguin dads and their penguin lads chillin hard in the windows theme windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2274-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3787-1 tomcat7 security update bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2016-0023 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2435 sap netweaver enterprise portal from 7.0 to 7.02 7.11 7.20 7.30 7.31 7.40 7.50 does not suffic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jadiehuegel working on internal comms employee engagement is my jam and oracle is killing it with the global employee summit.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diskboss enterprise 7.4.28 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the cve-2017-5638 apache struts 2 command execution flaw affects cisco products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps daily deals script 1.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2933 vulnerability in the oracle weblogic server component of oracle fusion middleware subcomponent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ecessa shieldlink sl175ehq 10.7.4 add superuser cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experience virtual reality on the web with chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt netsuite the sunday marks nationaldogday amp we d love to see photos of your precious pup tweet at netsuite and oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows com session moniker privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to turn off related youtube videos in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloud lesson 3 deliver omnichannel experiences we re killing it in retail because of the capability zachnelson oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8007 apache couchdb administrative users can configure the database server via http s due to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damicms 6.0.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rce attempts against the latest wordpress rest api vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1944-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches critical flash player bug with active windows exploit patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heading to lunch from nrf17 let oraclefreerides get you there in style in a fast amp fun tesla' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter photon os 2.0 mysql photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0040' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'let s be honest dogs are pretty awesome happy nationaldogday to all of our mcafee pups togetherispawer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great to have henrydowding 16-year-old ceo of thehangteam with us at oraclembx representing the future generat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'divinedube hello there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityholmes a quick look at windows api obfuscation via hashing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current php ssa:2018-201-01 nessus plugin id 111226 with high seve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk search any windows security audit log being cleared sourcetype wineventlog:security eventcode 1102' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2016-7259 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3727-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leverage best practices for running an open source program office or starting an open source project in your organi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.10 linux vulnerabilities usn-3147-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hypatiadotca overheard there should be a word for when you ask someone a question and their first response is to set signal di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checking in halfway the mcafee labs 2018 threats predictions by mcafee enterprise mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is trash in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter multiple vulnerabilities in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s easy god more into a lot of organisations i suspect the reality is devops are deploying prebuilt docker image' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux-esx linux patch linux-aws linux-secure photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0049 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security whizbiz business directory cms 1.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lil_zj hi there could you share more details on what seems to be happening with your saved passwords also let s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm security identity governance virtual appliance up to 5.2.3.2 password policy weak authentication:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4231-1 libgcrypt20 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stormchaser4653 how odd are you able to identify the last update that was successfully installed we d like to figure the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'play netflix on linux with firefox linuxconfig netflix and linux have a somewhat troubled past' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mark my words there will come a day when anyone worth killing will need to have their own fleet of personal anti-d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 7 memcached elsa-2016-2819' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phony domains fake browser plug-ins and customer support impersonators abound' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2439 the sap internet graphics server igs 7.20 7.20ext 7.45 7.49 7.53 has insufficien' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ddos attacks via wordpress now come with encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 procps cesa-2018:1777' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5576 integer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drschweitzer hmm thanks are you able to use the sms password reset also have you checked with your mail admin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off envira gallery premium wordpress gallery plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update poppler opensuse-2018-648' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews 123456 leads the top worst passwords of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update libofx suse-su-2018:2064-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6452 stack-based buffer overflow in the windows stack-based buffer overflow in the windows inst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mailia okay gotcha let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 firefox rhsa-2018:2113 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sweetsmartjade we re glad you like it are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cert tells microsoft to keep emet alive because it s better than win 10 s own security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee antivirus customer service helpline number 1800-609-2780' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomastrandal okay gotcha we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alecmuffett for ease of browsing i ve put the set of nsa security posters up at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t miss out on the year s big movie amp tv hits windowsstore s best of 2016 collection has them all:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7681 micro focus solutions business manager versions prior to 11.4 allows javascript to be embedded in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i ve seen mainstream members of press call john mcafee a cybersecurity expert i ve seen him on us tv shows as a se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday chromebackdoor graniet v3.0 web panel multi vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlanta attorney s office gets cybercrime unit new cell created after arrest and extradition of two infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd jenkins multiple vulnerabilities 6905f05f-a0c9-11e8-8335-8c164535ad80 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the girls who used whatsapp to learn under the noses of is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp warns free google drive backups are not encrypted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues exploit 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our kyork20 discussing the business value of ai at fortunetech the morning brainstormtech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update gnuchess opensuse-2016-1352' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mc buy and sell cars 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityonion bro 2.5.4 now available for securityonion 14.04 and bro_ids' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hackers engage in whatsapp wi-fi scam n.h health data breach and socom staff leak infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwaremustdie malwageddon _odisseus researchers at dr web spotted a windows version of the mirai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony3 2018-6f3ceeb7cb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skitterrusty yay we can t wait to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort 3 beta available now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase gartner again names oracle as a leader in data management solutions for analytics autonomous technology is advanci' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox lt 61 multiple critical vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2sec4u networkstring paul_reviews spyblog scott_helme jleyden the cma is crap it s so broad but people an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasite http rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanisms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac courses in intrusiondetection hacking forensics cti sign up for sanssecureindia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka that s great how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital guardian preserves dlp functionality for chrome users helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow 1.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharing linux terminal sessions with tmux and screen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_carocci component isbn parameter sql injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb hackers now sacking elasticsearch open season on open services it is open season on open infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brute force attacks on wordpress websites soar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9013 django 1.8.x before 1.8.16 1.9.x before 1.9.11 and 1.10.x before 1.10.3 use a hardcoded password f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 kernel elsa-2018-1852' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from corporate vision to solution details to tips for successful implementation get it all at hpediscover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3097 outside_in_technology vulnerability in the oracle outside in technology component of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ransomware hacktivism dronejacking and other threat predictions from mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'site that sold access to 3.1 billion passwords vanishes after reported raid leakedsource garnered infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oops in what appears to be a gigantic goof google removed the official chrome extension of metamusk s legitimate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8246 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when microsoft excel improperly discloses the contents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress 4.7.0-4.7.1 unauthenticated page post content modification via rest api' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-149 important security update for microsoft windows 3205655 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 kernel elsa-2017-0086' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chatnow 1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt madeline_lamo requiring bots to disclose that they re not human is trickier than it seems read jonesieman s excellent explanati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vinmenniti you might watch the wordpress support forums for a fix good luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'turn your ubuntu terminal into a hollywood technical melodrama hacker interface' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat brief office documents can be dangerous but we ll continue to use them anyway' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2096 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle supports watermarkconf if you own your own story that is how you live life bigger than yourself you ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so i m curious is anyone actually changing their passwords because of cloudbleed here s a poll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dotcms 3.6.1 blind boolean sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by studionet sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morgankakashi excellent choices have you had the chance to record any amazing gaming moments with the game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4234-1 lava-server security update two vulnerabilities were discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to shirleman ipentest jescribanoll security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azaleashikin we re glad you re having a great experience how does windows 10 help you stay organized' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itunes for windows mac 12.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deadly killdisk malware now in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked emails passwords private messages stolen thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disney world swan and dolphin resort engages guests with chrome signage editor s note today we hear infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ask slashdot what s the best linux laptop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker swings door shut on privilege escalation bug container escape vuln patched docker has patched infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8630 the x86_decode_insn function in arch x86 kvm emulate.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 when kvm is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scylladb raises 16m to advance nosql database technology enterpriseappstoday company formerly known as clou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap basis report for terminology export os command injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver as java getuseruddielements sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3691-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to check your centos version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aveva patches critical flaws in hmi scada tools following schneider merger uk-based industrial software infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we re glad you think so are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert discovered a critical remote code execution flaw in apache struts cve-2018-11776 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-5626 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker s friism explains what it takes to install and maintain container platforms on public clouds:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steptoe cyberlaw podcast thigh-high boots and defense dominance infosec itsecuritynews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting wordpress tooltipy plugin version 5.0 suffers from a cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rajansb1995 we re glad things are going smoothly how have you been enjoying windows overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coryb06 that s great how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libxcursor opensuse-2018-915 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity multi_path with root and sandbox escape mobilesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aarrondupuis we completely understand we re here for any questions you have about windows until then' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update openssl opensuse-2017-256' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft 365 security integrates with the broader security ecosystem part 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 16.10 python-cryptography vulnerability usn-3138-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your windows 10 migration strategy leaving you vulnerable despite enhanced security being a key infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install apache php 7.1 and mysql on centos 7.3 lamp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit published for unpatched flaw in windows task scheduler hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is showing inline ads in their windows 10 mail app message list microsoft has a history of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity australia not immune to a cyberstorm assistant cyber minister infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_7_0-openjdk suse-su-2016:2953-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ptracesecurity ssd advisory linux kernel af_packet use after free packet_sock linux kernel vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin lt 1.3.7 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3706-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter huawei anyoffice secureapp 2.5.0301.0190 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to score free linux videos that you can watch on your own time browse our library today:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epo platform gains insight into threat research the latest update to the mcafee epolicy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kakroo cert tells microsoft to keep emet alive because it s better than win 10 s own security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce joomla huge it googlemaps sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kevinjpapili oracle netsuite nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'penlex oh no could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10879 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therobindp that s quite the throwback what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hasherezade that s so disappointing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel path_openat function use after free memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postgresql 9.2.x lt 9.2.20 9.3.x lt 9.3.16 9.4.x lt 9.4.11 9.5.x lt 9.5.6 9.6.x lt 9.6.2 multiple vul nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cross-site request forgery in file manager wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml ptls5::ls find span visual boundaries memory corrupt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter talktalk and post office routers infected by mirai malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple will now permit third-party password managers to work with password autofill in ios 12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sir you ve been using kaspersky lab antivirus please come with us sir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 ways companies can manage risks brought on by the saas tsunami infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7876 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt buyvpnservice apple could have years of your internet browsing history won t necessarily give it to you privacy vpn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomas kurian president of product development at oracle will be speaking at pluralsightlive on 8 29 learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise lt 8.8 patch 11 privilege escalation vulnerability sb10237 nessus plugin id 110272' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nanopolymath ah we can see that now what do you usually use windows for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5547 windows logon integration feature of f5 big-ip apm client prior to version 7.1.7.1 for windows by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons oh would you look at that sp flash tool bitfi firmware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'laeeq your hosting login is different from your wordpress login information to change your url back you can use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail oracle enables redwingshoes store associates to work via mobile tablet and stationary devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best vpn services for wordpress users compared' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-snapdragon vulnerability usn-3151-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'helping customers run their business better is what gets our leaders most excited from oracle ceo markvhurd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update glibc suse-su-2018:1562-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 ntp 2016-e8a8561ee7 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwarejake typing your password into the username field' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrsbeckytucker hey becky we re glad you re enjoying windows which apps or features have you been using the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mosaicdata wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eire_mark some folks we were on holiday with recently brought o that case they found it freaky makes me think .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdrbrown we appreciate your feedback martin make sure to share your thoughts with us via the send feedback opt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt flashpointintel new mirai variant leaves 5 million devices worldwide vulnerable high concentration in germany uk and brazil https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us may require visitors to hand over social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking cyberghost offers an excellent iphone vpn product with strong unique features not found elsewhere it s a worthy c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle ebs vulnerable via weblogic msft resumes amd patches infusion pump vulnerabilities podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bellag012 are you using the app or a browser and if a browser which one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bolter79 that s another excellent device what do you like about it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update clamav suse-su-2018:2323-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libreoffice 6.1 open-source office suite officially released here s what s new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stacieandjosh hey there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity kaspersky no whiff of linux in our os because we need new start to secure iot infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaiquayallen okay let s have you try these steps to free up drive space in windows 10 let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt demonslay335 ransomware hunt .hakunamatata very very disappointed in missed op on the note recovers files yako.html' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter e-soft24 jokes portal script seo 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver local memory disclosure vulnerability ctx235225 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'please tighten your passwords and assume the brace position says plane-tracking site infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee unleashes new cybersecurity portfolio for enterprises' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts bind9 vulnerability usn-3683-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'destortion hmm try closing chrome related tasks from your task manager amp then uninstall chrome from add remove programs in control panel.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakntime that s awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steam bans developer after outcry over cryptomining scam items a simple 2d game raised eyebrows after infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jremes84 the is what happens when you combine hackers and alcohol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unclekamo very nice when did you first start using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you ready to talk containers see you today at dockercon 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 846103 sungard etrakit3 may be vulnerable to sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 18.04 lts webkit2gtk vulnerabilities usn-3743-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt feliciaday so i didn t know when i registered my word program and put my company name as your ballz it would show up when i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funambulilst understood we suggest learning more about homegroup in windows 10 here let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erikmgoins that s great how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'autostart desktop item persistence packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3146-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security windows media center 6.1.7600 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8007 authentication bypass vulnerability in mcafee authentication bypass vulnerability in mcafe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bperasso oraclechanginglives cowboysinhq larrysangels oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3169-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee and lg collaborate to enable children a safer online experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'america needs a blockchain strategy asap foreign policy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons sigh not twitter friendly i ll show you more next time in japa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus how to obtain a windows10 privilege escalation with elevatekit using powershell and reflective dll exploits.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmail to stop supporting chrome version below v.55 windows xp and vista will highly be affected' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft breaks network connectivity for windows 8 amp 10 users microsoft breaks network connectivity for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcl0pl ah we re glad to hear you were able to get it working how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blocking windows 7 8.1 updates for kaby lake ryzen chips appears imminent hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore last chance to get recore for 50 off on windows10 lastminutedeals recoregame' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fears windows code-signing changes will screw up qa process developers remain unconvinced by casc s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janomine if you jack someone s phone number tied to their ig account you can then request a password reset via sms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5577 the vc4_get_bcl function in drivers gpu drm vc4 vc4_gem.c in the videocore drm driver in the linux k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how google s safe browsing helped build a more secure web you may not have heard of safe browsing but infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zuphzuph officialmcafee bitfi6 mcafeeexecutive spudowiar i don t control the media but seems the nail in the b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-6578 a sql injection issue is exploitable with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hmi ucancode adddworduserproperty buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp malware targets indian android users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'applemacos bug reveals cache of sensitive data from encrypted drives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off themify premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday cost less than 1.32 per theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows scf file feature bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 security can be bypassed by settings page weakness' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zemlin in 2018 the linux foundation has been adding a new member every single day ossummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4225-1 openjdk-7 security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch esa-2018-10 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the threat landscape is changing learn how to use win10 to stay on the offensive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sync breeze http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus plugin id 110556 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jasoncallaway openscap redhatatomic openshift the webcast link has been updated new tweet has been posted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln citrix license server for windows and license server vpx cve-2017-5571 open redirect vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1414-1 mercurial security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9079 mozilla firefox firefox esr thunderbird svg animation remote code execution mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ga1ois our reconmtl slides pwn flash with reflections and hashtables are available at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global antivirus software package market growth of 10 2016-2020 with avira mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt owasp_ottawa the is only a good strategy if oracle has a time machine. riskybusiness quoted in the deserialization talk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac forensicators tune in for pcap command-line madness with hal_pomeranz dfir webcast series tuesday june' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hermida_elenia the windows store has thousands of apps to choose from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mini cms 1.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tinc virtual private network daemon 1.0.34 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress patched two vulnerabilities including a reflected cross-site scripting glitch and a cross-site request' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there are a lot of misconceptions about what protections private browsing modes or incognito modes provide so it i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking shadow brokers now selling windows av exploits in new zeronet marketplace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android mitigation bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows priv escalation 0 day podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple kde products products information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia windows gpu display driver 340.x lt 342.01 375.x lt 376.33 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office schrodinger s cat 10oz mug set of 2 is the cat alive or dead you won t find out until infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dhrandy how exciting randy which windows mixed reality apps and games do you plan to check out first' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 's7mooo that s music to our ears be sure to check out the latest windows features here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8740 the mod_http2 module in the apache http server 2.4.17 through 2.4.23 when the protocols configurati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mybb mybb merge system up to 1.8.7 user data sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june s patchtuesday release takes on an interesting windows dns flaw and updates the advisory regarding spectrev4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug ate my rc7 linus torvalds talks about the linux kernel 4.18 delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 ding-libs sssd elsa-2018-1877 nessus plugin id 110703 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3430 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1734-1 aubio infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7281 security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dying for windows 10 creators update but wait there s more microsoft roadmap lays out second big infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity cybercriminals will gravitate to criminal activity that maximizes their profit mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aristot73 frankly alerting us-cert ahead of broad patch release increases the chance and temptation to use vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onslaught86 great tip nik have any other features caught your eye lately in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3722-4 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-0003 microsoft word 2016 and sharepoint enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons oh how limited your threat models are almost co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rwainwright67 i agree thanks rob your organization is making an excellent work but people must improve awareness of cyber threats.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'install munin network monitoring in rhel centos and fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gergelyszabo94 swiftonsecurity briankrebs i have the appropriate snark and meme skills to excel in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we did a little digging and found the top 100 docker tutorials you need to know about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec explore it sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amywebbersop for more help with the the best place to ask is the wordpress forums' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'omfggjb sounds like a great lineup which other apps and programs are you using on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0164 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday june 19th 2018 tue jun 19th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 firefox 2018-d1a767f9f3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps dating script 3.25 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nurynlollipopz hi there we d like to look into your issue could you tell us more about what s going with google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 10 mshtml cedit adorner::detach use-after-free ms13-047 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamer45tim that s music to our ears which windows features are you currently enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched vulnerability in firefox used to attack tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a windows zeroday drops on twitter with no patch in sight by mt_heller' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scalable vsphere storage with ontap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdritter wonderful which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-3684 sap download manager 2.1.142 and earlier uses a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3673-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bradleyschacht music to our ears have you had a chance to check out the latest features in the windows 10 april' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to limit windows 10 sending your telemetry to microsoft or why do i still use windows 7 gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a visual editor in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we did a little digging and found the top 100 docker tutorials you need to know about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday june 21st 2018 thu jun infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seagullmouse thanks for confirming a new version of chrome is now available that fixes the learn how to update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you can outsource the work but you cannot outsource the risk by jamie tischart mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schools alert management script 2.01 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'armencito great thanks for getting back to us which games are you playing the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hyperloop sueball noose-man launches tube-travel rival brogan bambrogan is back and the time he means infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome blink speechrecognitioncontroller use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft .net core and dos july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 webpage obtain information vulnerability microsoft internet explorer 11 webpage o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle announces the launch of the oracle autonomous transaction processing atp service learn more on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-864-1 jhead security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alienvault ossim usm remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update opus suse-su-2017:0436-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln usb pratirodh cve-2017-6911 insecure password storage information disclosure vulnerability usb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vlan hopping attack packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter another nasty linux kernel bug surfaces' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_8_0-openjdk suse-su-2016:2887-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8 29 1pm et infoblox webcast break silos and respond to threats faster john_pescatore sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress dance studio 1.0.0 themes arbitrary shell upload vulnerbility 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft delays windows zero day patch researcher drops exploit code infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian linux motd update script unsafe temporary file usage lets local users deny service and gain elevated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dissectmalware citrix just mail me the book with an sase and i ll be happy to sign it for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'not so malicious word doc amf deserializer vulnerability podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 perl ruby phsa-2017-0037 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apport 2.x local code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco announces plans to acquire duo security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 846103 sungard etrakit3 may be vulnerable to sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_dream_forever hi there have you tried the steps in the article to help fix chrome crashes let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peter_bogert we re happy to hear it are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wavethrough cve-2018-8235 flaw in microsoft edge leaks sensitive data a flaw in the edge browser dubbed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcfusion what s happening in chrome if you ll send a screenshot or an error we ll check it out you can also t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt f_kaltheuner i m so glad our team at privacyint is currently probing the data broker ecosystem post-gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'who s watching you before fbi director james comey triggered an election eve firestorm last month he infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker flexipdf dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah gdbgui browser-based frontend to gdb add breakpoints view the stack visualize data structures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft may begin windows 10 creators update sign-off process the week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4220-1 firefox-esr security update nessus plugin id 110419 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2018-656 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps witycms 0.6.2 cross-site request forgery password change' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security uk users bombarded with scammy offers via facebook whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3225-1 libarchive vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivativ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehardware time cost savings amp performance are among the reasons mercer chose oracleoda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using the office 365 activities api to investigate business email compromises' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear wnr2000 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-20 jq buffer overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking researchers link de-identified browsing history to social media accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local asus pce-ac56 wlan card utilities pcausa rawether windows 10 x64 local pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'now it s worth mentioning that these are less-than-a-year-old devices that came with windows 10 from the factory.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 906424 microsoft windows task scheduler contains a local privilege escalation vulnerability in the alpc interfa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'madmultiplied hi tasmai we d like to look into it let s sign out of your chrome profile relaunch google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 plexus-archiver elsa-2018-1836 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt searchcio . mcafee ciso grantbourzikas don t forget the basics to improve cybersecurity posture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5577 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10901 a flaw was found in linux kernel s kvm virtualization subsystem the vmx code does not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thepacketrat hey fellow kids if you re going to suborn perjury don t back your whatsapp messages up to the icloud.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_yes_it_is_me hi there are many websites that offer to check the validity of your password directly online you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10-strike network scanner 3.0 local buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guffy82 hi steven could you let us know if it s happening with other browsers as well keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle webcenter portal cve-2018-3101 remote security vulnerability oracle webcenter portal cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'free up some space with ubuntu cleaner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 visualboyadvance-m 2018-e92359c3b8 nessus plugin id 111017 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 blktrace systemd vim phsa-2018-2.0-0076 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome to the future we recently saw the release of chrome 68 which brought with it a default not infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln huawei anyoffice remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt buherator exploiting 64-bit ie on windows 8.1 the pwn2own case via 44con' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybercriminals exploit windows zero-day vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel kernel-headers 2018-79d7c3d2df nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday pale moon browser amp amp lt 27.9.3 use after free vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8382 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when microsoft excel improperly discloses the contents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re celebrating 20 years of nessus by celebrating our awesome customers see what they re saying and start your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 patch expert begs microsoft please fix uptick in botched updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'significant number of hpe openstackers flung to suse linux shop vows paas play a significant number infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na dsa-3739 tomcat8 security update multiple security vulnerabilities were discovered in the tomcat servlet an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2469-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2017-0016 memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql cluster 7.3.x lt 7.3.9 general subcomponent dos january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pleased to see google launching a new podcast app for android it s always been disappointing to see how ios users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dakami when patches have broken something in the past ms pulled only that patch it has never canceled pt before has it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chronicling ransomware check out the excellent resource from privacypc on ransomware updates and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 expat ovmsa-2016-0168 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons hypothesis is that rf noise is being injected into dwc_otg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1933' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sabrinaelle8 what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4235-1 firefox-esr security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5187 google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.85 for android incorrectly handled rapid transition into and out of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:2912-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress google map plugin amp amp lt 4.0.4 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how did onelogin rebuild its securitymodel after a 2017 breach we ask the company s chief security officer justi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2102-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches critical flash player bug with active windows exploit patch exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enigma0x3 excellent read on exploiting insecure section objects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neil_neilzone paullomax here s a facebook representative someone use the word consent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 redis 2018-ce05750e27 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no questions asked windows code cert slingers fuel trade in digitally signed malware theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips to prevent office 365 data loss as a result of ransomware l spanning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities phpmyadmin 4.6.4ph' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nearly half of security pros reuse passwords passwords wifi cryptocurrency' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7257 the gdi component in microsoft windows vista' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b_pi_p hi boris does the only happen with chrome try using incognito mode to browse amp let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dcipher online hash cracking using rainbow amp lookup tables dcipher is a javascript-based online hash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s engineers week and we re reflecting on linuxcon where kids day helped youngsters learnlinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4270-1 gdm3 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kasramoradi that domain is pointing to a self-hosted wordpress installation we don t have any control over the login for that site.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6817 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new linux malware hijacks one vendor s iot devices by exploiting cgi bug a new form of linux malware is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge 38.14393.0.0 javascript engine use-after-free cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter curl security audit reveals several vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt clarajeffery broach shade is like yarn bombing meets protest sign and i am here for it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 phpmyadmin 2016-7fc142da66 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4164 nessus plugin id 110998 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zinadichoso okay that site uses the open source wordpress software not the same thing as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 7 mutt cesa-2018:2526 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss enterprise application platform 4.0.0 denial of service execute code vulnerability redhat jboss ent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeatoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hi paulvhs let us know what you re planning to do with a linux foundation certification to share and be entered to win' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air apsb16-08 multiple unspecified integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'randomsubu nice choices what do you primarily use your windows devices for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from virus protection to safe passwords how bt can help you stay safe online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0237 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clam antivirus toolkit 0.100.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to use and understand oracle s internet intelligence map' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'martinrgalang thank you for your loyal support what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4274-1 xen security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lauritae16 if you aren t getting a password reset email you can also try commenting on the site the email accoun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hiteshdixit952 that s music to our ears we appreciate insiders like you how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s time for marchmadness catch all the action live with our free windows10 app ncaa march madness live:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to patch smart speaker chromecast location leak bug the loophole could allow attack websites to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apply as many of these principles as possible next week and every week hacker fam.and be excellent to each other.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers could spoof whatsapp messages sender names scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 multiple cross site scripting vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lessons learned ignore the navy on matters of international relations and listen to the foreign office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows alpc local privilege escalation microsoft windows advanced local procedure call al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component soccer bet 4.1.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1461-1 clamav security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome bug allows hackers to steal personal data through a victims open facebook to all google infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac malware is still crude but it s slowly catching up to its windows rivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel fs pipe.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86_64 tcp 5600 bind shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrsbeckytucker hi becky we re glad you re enjoying windows which apps or features have you been using the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress and the law suit . automattic s pesieminski on user rights and legal threats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 7 sp1 nfo file handler msinfo32.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2112-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'calligra 3.0 open-source office suite officially released krita and author out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hartsfieldholly too cute thanks for sharing the with us how are you enjoying windows overall holly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3936 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1 2018 0312 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'connorsayers4 that s great are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2242 nessus plugin id 111340 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 url redirection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update pcre suse-su-2016:3161-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'predictions 2017 goodbye flash hello jscript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt charlesoppenh the information commissioner s office is overwhelmed by the number of complaints it is getting but also seems afra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt irhottakes luke and vader s entire arc was broadly irrelevant because the emperor would have died when wedge and lando blew up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2017:0527 tomcat6 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'january 2017 microsoft patch tuesday windows admins you get to go home early today msft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 red hat jboss web server 3.1.0 rhsa-2017:0456 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel update debian flash-player plugin sudo update-flashplugin-nonfree -install' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intertrust and jscrambler launch joint solution to protect mobile and javascript applications intertrust infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1837-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broskiifx hi there thanks for the feedback would you be able to submit a feedback report for the using these in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security business directory script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 hdf5 2016-3477b592e3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle january 2017 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 8.1 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cisco security response cisco smart install protocol misuse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3249-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facepalm apparently linux encryption app cryptkeeper has a universal decryption password the letter p :' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-9811 the windows_icon_typefind function in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings tor-talk javascript exploit see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap pushes 25 patches and two patch patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity oracle has now spent seven years claiming that google plagiarized its code infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrbenavraham hi there thanks for reaching out we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for fu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narasin72992980 it sounds like you are taking full advantage of all that windows has to offer what do you primarily use your device for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevbo9 hi there how did the update go we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity major security flaw means you have to change your passwords again infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1417-1 ca-certificates security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 openslp rhsa-2018:2240 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update potrace opensuse-2017-319' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'good news for the opera web browser and the linux fans learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7276 microsoft office 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 microsoft office 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realsexycyborg i0n1c k3n_5s gsuberland sarahjeong in other words i m sad that social media bullying makes it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high sierra passwordless root account defeating facial recognition podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to jeffkagan javabot agilemerlando devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers latest leak could have come from beyond nsa staging servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i know of a senior marketing manager position coming up at a fast growing security start up it really is an excell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter online food delivery 2.04 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability sap business objects cve-2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity regulators crack down on skype and whatsapp over privacy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt billrundle oracle autonomous database is 5 to 10 times faster than amazon and is therefore 5 to 10 times more cost effective' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 52.0.2743.116 allow cross renderer resource load remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rockingshah84 woohoo we love hearing that which features are your favorite so far on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news 10 essential powershell security scripts for windows administrators' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faulty phone battery may have caused fire that brought down egyptair flight ms80' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google s bug bounty program pays out 3 million mostly for android and chrome exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla spinner 360 1.3.0 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 util-linux cesa-2016:2605 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera browser 12 textnode::removechild buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-012 critical security update for microsoft windows 4013078 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln vmware vsphere data protection cve-2016-7456 authentication bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atilano_jaime excellent happy gaming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e3i5 libertyhq privacyint policechiefs ukhomeoffice cabinetofficeuk scarletprim they pulled the same trick in 2011' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs to better defend against cybercriminals christiaanbeek suggests we start thinking like a cybercriminal how to ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat windows anti recon tool samri10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angelotofalo recent power outages in turkey were also caused by cyber turkey' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3725-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap single sign on denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review office 365 phishing compromising networks with malicious faxes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 openssl vulnerabilities usn-3181-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter gmail to stop support for older chrome browsers windows xp and vista os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leaky radio devices broadcast chipset data discover researchers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq security cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7456 vmware vsphere data protection vdp 5.5.x though 6.1.x has an ssh private key with a publicly known' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to prevent browser cryptojacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter malware infects computers by hiding in browser ad gifs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter tenable nessus unspecified bug lets remote authenticated users upload files to arbitrary locations an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soheabmalik that s great too how long have you been using windows for soheab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook framework bug bounty 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11 ber youtube' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe php exploit threatens wordpress sites with remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln usb pratirodh cve-2017-6911 insecure password storage information disclosure vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news shift f10 bypassses windows 10 bitlocker and drops you into an access-all-areas cli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2017-01-23-6 icloud for windows 6.1.1 pgp signed message-----hash sha512apple-s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'originalrev how interesting which version of windows 10 did the occur on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4287903 security update for adobe flash player june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3140-1 firefox vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'love nessus tell us why and get a free limited-edition t-shirt swing by bhusa booth 404 for details we can t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s today s code word if you are at bhusa look out for a tweet from symantec that shares the word featured in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4 expanding embargoes increases leak risks.5 it might delay broad deployment of patches that might protect the m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3212-1 libtiff vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack the isbuzz post the post talktalk and post office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amboy00 thanks for reaching out chris we suggest posting the in the chrome developer forum for more help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14071 the geo mashup plugin before 1.10.4 for wordpress has insufficient sanitization of post' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rococohappiness no worries be sure to check out all the amazing new features in windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'winpower 4.9.0.4 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'agilebits denies reported acquisition talks between apple and 1password updated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'website by neon six sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-0082 the kernel-mode drivers in microsoft windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2931 apsb17-02 adobe flash player memory corruption remote code execution iv mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer mshtml domimplementation type confusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2018-157-01 nessus plugin id 110391 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to enable hardware accelerated video decoding in chromium on ubuntu or linux mint' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'subspacetravel hi there have you tried these steps go to chrome: settings editdictionary gt click on x option does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap cyber threat intelligence report january 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.8 ext4 image fs ext4 super.c ext4_fill_super denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lady_klaus hi there try these steps to enable cookies go to gt settings gt privacy gt clear browsing history gt che' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 pcs rhsa-2018:1927' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cso spotlight niall browne domo lt span style color e49325 gt name niall browne lt span style color infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5485 the iso clns parser in tcpdump before 4.9.0 has a buffer overflow in addrtoname.c:lookup_nsap cv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'klillington hi karlin can you tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office routers downed in mirai botnet attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap netweaver as java 7.5 bc-bmt-bpm-dsk bpemuwlconn privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reecerfcmufc200 to clarify are you upgrading to windows 10 for the first time or are you updating windows 10 to its latest version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4234-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql server 5.5.53 5.6.34 5.7.16 optimizer denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcstraight wow that s some awesome music marc thanks for sharing with us are any windows features or apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple vulnerabilities in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware fusion 10.x lt 10.1.3 speculative execution side channel vulnerability foreshadow vmsa-2018-00 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insider trading takes the dark web by storm new research highlights how inside traders are making infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serverless blockchain buzzword math' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metadatajunkie thank you for reaching out to dell social media support i m pamyaphi please let us know your conc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update jasper suse-su-2017:0084-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patch tuesday or is that patch next tuesday flash player rce patched today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rococohappiness we re glad you like it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah gdbgui browser-based frontend to gdb add breakpoints view the stack visualize data structures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nvidia windows gpu display driver 34x.x lt 342.00 367.x lt 369.73 367.x lt 369.71 grid 375.x lt 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'br0nnyxp ah nice any specific windows 10 features catching your eye we d love to hear what you like' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network manager vpnc 1.2.4 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dup scout enterprise 9.1.14 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus steps by step guide to bypass the latest version of windows defender using powershell invoke-cradlecrafter by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin online hotel booking system pro 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel race condition in n_hldc driver lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 plugin answer sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked emails passwords and private messages exposed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt openelectronics bring windows os to your diy opensource opensourcehardware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin ios 9.11.8592.4 cpu resource exhaustion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office vulnerabilities used to distribute felixroot backdoorin recent campaign fireeye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera browser raises 115 million in its stock market debut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech dating script 3.26 send_gift.php sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update wireshark opensuse-2016-2923 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network how suse is becoming a key player in the iot market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'positive technologies discovers and fixes a dangerous 7-year old linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network new strategic vision needed to thrive as a digital enterprise stakes are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dnschanger exploit kit hijacks routers not browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wordpress content injection flaw makes xss bug more severe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superofficeie there are so many things wrong with that blog also your privacy policy refers to the gdpr only amp fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhrmn great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f22hunter get familiar with windows 10 and all its features here let us know if you have any questions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'its time for danielhbohannon hackinparis hip18' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer to run trendmicro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'encrypted office documents sun jun 17th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'academics discover new bypasses for browser tracking protections and ad blockers security and user infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-124 important security update for windows registry 3193227 version 2.0 infos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'now down to 3 words but still no meanings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the wordpress megahack that wasn t sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raspberry pi as physical backdoor to office networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powershell 5.1 for windows 7 and later fri jan 20th microsoft has released windows management infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 wordpress 2018-8fc2cb8cb0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches zero-day flash flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl5.x sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to download install and write your first app with windows10 iot core on the raspberry pi 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off cssigniter premium wordpress themes use coupon wpbeginner cost less than 2 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'practicalgamer we love having fans like you which windows features have been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 big-ip apm client for linux macos svpn and policyserver components let local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8630 the x86_decode_insn function in arch x86 kvm emulate.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 when kvm is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nkeithblend great tip nicholas have you found any other features to be useful in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hancitor banking trojan is back using malicious word attachment malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'comcast charter lobby asks ftc to preempt state broadband regulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classicfergie we re glad you re enjoying our spotlight images are you enjoying any other windows features lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thatonefashblog you can add that plan from httsp: wordpress.com pricing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2017-3316 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off bluehost wordpress hosting get a free domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with vr in your browser see the world like a grizzly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avea_prosper hmm can you confirm the version of chrome you re using to check go to the address bar and type in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud when it comes to cx sweat the small stuff says hyken via forbes if they trust you with their business for the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity 7 wi-fi vulnerabilities beyond weak passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-18342 in pyyaml before 4.1 the yaml.load api could execute arbitrary code in other words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee application control 6.x lt 6.2.0.567 7.0.x lt 7.0.1.275 unauthorized ioctl use local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network sql injection attack is tied to election commission breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the sample has subroutine instructions spread across 3 separate memory sections with jumps between them _ _' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cloudyr1 do smb s need enterprise-grade security check out my article oraclecloud oracleerpcloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'detecting credit card fraud with red hat decision manager 7 red hat decision manager provides a vast infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9677 citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows citrix provisioning services before 7.12 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pythongb excellent choices what kind of pc do you game on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ambasspineapp hi there that s not good could you try the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 firefox 2018-e952086dda nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we can t be advocating moving to the cloud and not be doing it ourselves paul_stevenson of 02 at oraclembx l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity password re-use is rampant among millennials 18-30 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity adobe quietly bundles data-collecting chrome extension with latest reader update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook ah gotcha would you like us to send some recommendations to save up for we have a great selection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google blocks chrome extension installations from 3rd-party sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vijayp great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kvm suse-su-2016:2902-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress form maker 1.12.24 xss csrf sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'install microsoft windows fonts in ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'millennials are going to extreme lengths to share streaming passwords and companies are missing out on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt muneyb pgelsinger announces vsphereplatinum and adaptivemicrosegmentation let s you learn-lock-adapt intrinsic security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gomack225 that s odd have a look at the article to know more about getting rid of malware from google chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers are targeting sap oracle erp applications us wans hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla hbooking 1.9.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pearltwitch thanks for following up could you check here chrome: version amp confirm the version of chrome you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and configure vnc on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache tomcat cve-2015-5351 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 148379-15 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mathias javascript engines the good parts slides for the talk bmeurer and i just presented at jsconfeu:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 8webcom cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 xen ovmsa-2016-0165' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nicolemortiz tuned in to oraclenetsuite event looking forward to hearing about the integration plan and product roadmaps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to ask google to recrawl urls of your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my fave bsides moment so far is somebody at a urinal how s your brother they knew my brother' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases july 2018 security bulletin original release date july 17 2018 oracle has released its critical' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patch tuesday or is that patch next tuesday flash player rce patched today tue feb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what does the term media mean in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jkprising we can t wait to see the great things you can do we re glad to have you on team windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'themagullo mozilla ..default and easily clears your history passwords and bookmarks stuff mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'groupib_gib sachkov_gib russian police detained cybercriminals who broke into the accounts of 700 000 customers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7243 ms16-129 microsoft edge scripting engine memory corruption remote code execution viii mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trickbot malware re-emerging via ms word documents with powerful code-injection technique' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clemmurphy we love your excitement how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 xerces-c euleros-sa-2018-1160 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk drops behind madagascar in broadband league tables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches flash player shockwave vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msitarzewski we love having awesome users like you when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa exploit doublepulsar patched to work on windows iot systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts cve-2018-11776 exploit python' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt philiptsukerman subtee bro_ids is also an awesome tool for the type of traffic-centric hunting you can use it to extrapolate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github to warn users on compromised passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a complete wordpress backup for free with backwpup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd wireshark multiple vulnerabilities 7fff2b16-b0ee-11e6-86b8-589cfc054129 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kailash_in we like your style when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk wi-fi router passwords stolen the post doesn t have enough text content please click on the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'city of london police begins cryptocurrency training officers get new courses to improve their cyber infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kadexgaming great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms posts.class.php multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco secure access control cisco-sa-20180502-acs1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3439 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows uniscribe information disclosure cve-2017-0114' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'highlighters messy writing sticky notes encyclopedias microsoft edgesee why the better web browser for w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec gr8 gallery script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'js_reviews you can view revisions of posts and pages from the history link at the top of the editor:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress jibu pro 1.7 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introducing malwarebytes browser extension hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no reason to believe singtel s broadband outage was due to a cyberattack yaacob' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to duplicate a wordpress page or post with a single click' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erratarob discord call of duty voice chat.slack office water cooler conversation.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases details of unpatched internet explorer and microsoft edge vulnerability mark wilson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security adobe flash metadata out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert publicly disclosed exploit code for windows task scheduler zero-day securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla ajax search for k2 2.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theodoraaltman we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cososys endpoint protector 4.5.0.1 remote root command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 git 2018-080a3d7866 nessus plugin id 110299 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patilshubham73 looks great which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd phpmyadmin multiple vulnerabilities 6fe72178-b2e3-11e6-8b2a-6805ca0b3d42 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress patched two vulnerabilities its tooltips plugin including a reflected cross-site scripting glitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ruggerotonelli github johnathanhowell masterkey secure interactive password manager using nacl and go se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamahed hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows updates.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patnaciagoodman excellent thanks for letting me know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome original release date july 24 2018 google has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate wordpress seo guide for beginners step by step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0340-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 gnupg2 elsa-2018-2181 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanplee007 thanks for the info could you try updating google chrome to the latest version and see if that resolv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 14.x lt 14.1.3 speculative execution side channel vulnerability foreshadow vmsa-20 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog speaking of microsoft 0day here s a new office code execution technique all versions which ms aren t planning to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justinknelson now we re moving how are you enjoying windows 10 overall lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooseyboy hi there if you re signed into chrome and creating bookmarks the bookmarks will not be deleted here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming that s an impressive highlight what kind of pc do you currently game on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection topic wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv inje' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jfslowik if you couldn t make it to recon to see you reverseics and mayahustle broke down and dug in to trisis today s y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pradyutmathur great choices have you made any masterpieces with windows ink' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1404-1 lava-server security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tivoli monitoring up to 6.2.2 fp8 6.2.3 fp4 6.3.0 fp1 on linux unix stack-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote code e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spectre bug protection forcing chrome to use 10 to 13 more ram by uzair amir the entire tech industry infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adamsuzor thanks again for your kind words adam we d love to quote you can you dm us your email address for more info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress private messages 1.0.1 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '__________gavin can you download canary a future version of chrome and see if you still experience the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eight great linux gifts for the holiday season zdnet here are some holiday present suggestions for the open' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theycallmesam2 log in from a desktop or laptop browser not through the app to contact the support team over live chat.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password stealing spying malware targets ukrainian government news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lipslasheslife can you please clear your browser s cache and cookies and try again here s how to do it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital identity is broken can we fix it the isbuzz post the post digital identity is broken can we infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hear the hacked vermont utility manager in his own words infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-24 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blog office 365 advanced threat protection atp features and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft july security updates mostly browser-related patch tuesday includes 53 security updates infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in defense of javascript crypto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tblackman21 thanks for the info have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shaun_barker hi shaun have you tried the steps in the guide to delete an incorrect password see delete..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps open source real-estate script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sandeepkoutha awesome we love to hear that how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntpd 4.2.8 stack overflow proof of concept packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn ms edge abusing of protocols to load local files bypass the html5 sandbox and more broken browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elforesto sounds like you re getting the most out of windows 10 make sure to check out all the new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4164' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theiswhyimbroke clone script 4.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lawsuit alleges apple broke facetime on ios 6 to force ios 7 upgrades save money christina grace of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom buys business software firm ca for 18.9 billion semi-conductor giant broadcom which recently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity surprise microsoft releases critical flash patch infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 152100-81 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'team oracle at the escape from alcatraz triathlon lifeatoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2016:2842 red hat openshift enterprise 2.x 30 day end of life notice problem description the is th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na glsa-201612-14 util-linux arbitrary code execution synopsis a vulnerability was discovered in util-linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome desktop update mends 36 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alduin is an open-source desktop rss reader for linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just make plans get to what matters instantly microsoft edge is faster than google chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge chakra jit setconcatstrmultiitembe type confusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortigate fortios ssl-vpn web portal bookmark feature lets local users view passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen certificates from d-link used to sign password-stealing malware hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia securityaffairs hacking opcatalunya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linus torvalds explains how to pull without jerking his chain linux 4.11 rc 2 is out but not until infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday august 13th 2018 mon aug 13th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp hack shows that even encryption apps are vulnerable in a browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache qpid broker for java 6.1.0 information leak vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdf200 hmm could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'these new eight members of the linux foundation networking fund provide greater cohesion and streamline efforts acr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover the oraclecloud security day series' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability wordpress 4.6.1wordpres' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heartbeat as biometric password there s research in using a heartbeat as a biometric password no infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'madxn89 hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 pcs cesa-2018:1927 nessus plugin id 110650 with medium severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component directorix directory manager 1.1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why windows 10 users have better anti-virus protection the latest microsoft security intelligence report infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ecava integraxor 5.0.413.0 sql injection cve-2016-8341' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tiff suse-su-2018:1826-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 's7mooo that s excellent thanks for taking the time to share with us we re glad to have awesome users like you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt smashinsecurity bold enough to have an amazon echo our podcast is now available as a flash briefing thanks a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons but it does have the emmc flash chip on it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ex top mozilla dev to windows users ditch all antivirus except microsoft s defender' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7281 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq i kinda love how apts are living la vida linux to avoid threat intel companies because they re all windows shops b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_pronto hi there could you check amp confirm whether location sharing is enabled in chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2395-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'national audit office brit aircraft carrier project is fine and dandy for now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news iot product development is broken 6 ways developers and manufacturers can fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kylejwilke we love hearing that kyle let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln schneider electric wonderware cve-2017-5155 historian insecure default password vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjdrooghaag hmm could you try using a different browser and check if you re still experiencing the issue keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'userpro plugin for wordpress up_auto_log parameter remote authentication bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac all courses at sanssecurejapan align with giac certs join the pros who keep the cybersecurity industry safe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacquie_faith might be easier to email us at help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress flash rotator gallery plugin sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms next year theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday parcel delivery booking script 1.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fivelargefries we re happy to hear everything is running smoothly how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 52.9 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox multiple flaws let local users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android max86902 driver race condition packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3141-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teen allegedly broke into a couple s home to ask for their wifi password police say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity people visiting the us may have to hand over social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update gstreamer-plugins-bad-free on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 post anniversary privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to teksocial ingressnginx rikkiends wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'viral image and video sharing gagzone script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microhard systems 3g 4g cellular ethernet and serial gateway backdoor jailbreak packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief d-link vulnerabilities sha-1 woe mysql hacks your daily round-up of some of the other infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current libx11 ssa:2018-233-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser autofill feature can leak your personal information to hackers just like most of you i too infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix provisioning services up to 7.11 buffer overflow cve-2016-9676' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vault 7 cia can bypass whatsapp signal telegram encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libvorbis suse-su-2018:1565-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 7 ovmf crit criu criu-devel ksm-vz etc vza-2018-063 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14611 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rab_aly thanks for the info do you see the same issue in another browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-0736 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin lt 1.3.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceektechnology sounds like cortana is helping you stay very organized have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln nessus cve-2016-9260 html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle flexcube universal banking up to 12.2.0 unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gcs and chief legal officers are becoming key influencers buyers of integratedriskmanagement solutions due to t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brunola88 cybercriminals take aim at cloud infrastructure security infosec infosecurity oracle dyn security cios ceo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timinroy we re happy to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'small phishing campaign targeted against u.s gov t agency delivered two rtfs and a microsoft excel file to execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4271-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'londongat emails from us will only come from wordpress.com so if the emails show any other domain they re not from us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 early adopters pave the way to the cloud oracleiaas oraclecloud dyn cio iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons the same hardware untouched stock raspi3 in al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lennyzeltser hey wdsecurity could you please clarify the terminology for instance is there really a product named windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by studionet sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch top webinars on openstack raspberry pi hyperledger and more through the on-demand portal:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tradwan egypt new provisions passed by parliament if u have more than 5k followers on twitter u are press and may be pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onlinegames search redirect removal how to restore your browser the article will help you to remove infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to serveradm1nz webawareross wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alex_a_simons incredibly quick easy way to improve enterprise security azure ad password protection and smart lockout are now in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg webroot announces integration with brightgauge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about android user enabled security in terms of passwords and gestures chapter 19 from seeking the truth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress 4.7 4.7.1 content injection gui exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 54 devtools out-of-bounds buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps fashmark 1.2 category parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd xml-security-c crashes on malformed keyinfo content 5786185a-9a43-11e8-b34b-6cc21735f730 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee mvision portfolio as a saas-delivered workspace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techcrunch europe s top court takes a broad view on privacy responsibilities around platforms by riptari' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zikula up to 1.3.10 1.4.3 on windows jcss.php directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt linuxfoundation let s encrypt is a free automated and open certificate authority issuing digital certificates for website encrypti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guffy82 hi steven just checking in is google chrome working fine keep us updated.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress pica photo gallery 1.0 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1046 nessus plugin id 111337 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gillen operating system standard used to be windows or linux going forward it will be linux and windows will sometimes run on top lfosls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'empathy_atwork your site is built using the open source wordpress software not please a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip6_gre.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segmentsmack critical tcp vulnerability found in linux 4.9 triggers dos attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heatzxd hi there does the happen only with chrome also have you tried restarting your device amp reopen chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'millennials are going to extreme lengths to share streaming passwords and companies are missing out on mil hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt egyp7 i learned two things today i learned that lt search key gt l will lock a chromebook presentation laptop and that mubix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for windows server 2008 july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.9.9 net ipv4 ip_sockglue.c ipv4_pktinfo_prepare denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11581 hl-l2340d_firmware hl-l2380dw_firmware cross-site scripting xss vulnerability on brother hl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icebergofficiai excellent choices do you have any favorite overwatch characters' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert publicly disclosed exploit code for windows task scheduler zeroday securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s internetintel team has been monitoring and measuring the internet for over a decade learn how to use the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jamjacob when your data protection authority guarantees a secure id system what do you do you don t take their word for it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kitchen5203 hello what is the site url it sounds like you were trying to reset your password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg sd times news digest serverlessplatformbeta mapr s ai and ml course and samsungsmartthingshub vulnerabilitie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zidrhan woohoo what are you first impressions of windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qualcomm microsoft plot arm snapdragon-powered windows 10 pcs tablets phones are you reading the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the california attorney general s office says it s finally taking database abuse seriously but time will infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3286 local security vulnerability oracle e-business suite cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the meaning of life. themeaningoflifein4words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter spring 2017 new login procedure for windows 7 lab and podium computers at university park campuses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what does the term media mean in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter jailbreakme-style browser-based loader for pangu ios 9.3.3 jailbreak without certificate released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter us-cert is warning about a windows smb zero-day flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'capturing netntlm hashes with office dot xml documents via bohops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password-stealing security hole discovered in many netgear routers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt movrcx i am reliably crashing tor browser with security set to high and with no user interaction the fabled snake oil of tor projec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8655 race condition in net packet af_packet.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.12 allows loca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dazenc we like the sound of that what made you fall more in love with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to schedule tasks on ubuntu 18.04 using crontab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i added a video to a youtube playlist how to create the perfect password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5953 the swiotlb_print_info function in lib swiotlb.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager heightens online security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jeremiahg so true but needs a tiny bit of revision.s executives anyone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3677-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy cybermonday today we are offering our deepest discount of the year 179 for training cert bundle or 299 for all linux courses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new zip slip vulnerability hits java apps infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity yahoo hack a warning to all national cyber security office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'priyashaleni that s amazing which new device did you go with we would love to know what you think of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'personal password practices place thousands of uk businesses at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dennisqua1d great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 12 2018 release 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'musacakar awesome thank you for your support let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi warns us students about online job scam that can leave them broke students online across the us are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news 350 000 twitter bot sleeper cell betrayed by love of star wars and windows phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2017-5025 ffmpeg in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 ffmpeg in google chrome prior to 56.0.29' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14071 the geo mashup plugin before 1.10.4 for wordpress has insufficient sanitization of post editor and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theiswhyimbroke clone script 4.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the internet is the world s most important network yet it is incredibly volatile w the offering oracle s int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bull ibm aix clusterwatch watchware file write command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update w3m suse-su-2016:3046-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office cve-2017-0030 memory corruption vulnerability discoveredmarch 14 2017descr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired oracle java se cve-2016-2183 remote security vulnerability retired oracle java se cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leetexit101 amazing are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8225 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in windows domain name system dns dnsapi.dll when it f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tariff war of words with china resulting in cyberattacks against the u.s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud 4 in 10 data managers put privacy concerns at the top of their list when considering cloudcomputing options get' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'txhrinfo thanks for being there from the beginning what has been your favorite windows 10 feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jasongbrown96 hey jason thanks for flagging our team is aware of the behavior and are investigating more infor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress up to 4.7.0 class-wp-screen.php cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows vbscript engine zero-day flaw used by darkhotel hackers group to compromise vulnerable systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nulzsec new post san francisco transit ransomware attacker likely used year-old java exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle autonomous database prevents data theft applies security patches while running thinkautonomous atp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3174-1 mysql vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14615 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a buffer overflow in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to darryl_macleod gn3mes1s genieall wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter paypal removes magic word from oauth authentication procedure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update perl-archive-zip opensuse-2018-904 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithlovemovies we haven t made any changes to font size in the editor did you perhaps zoom out in your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'micahsuzanne if so get in touch via email send us a note to help wordpress.com.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'igorzaika we love your support igor are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4219-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password update adds new native apple watch app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt apesol need help designing an oss support strategy reach out to linuxfoundation consulting or roguewaveinc a free support ticket lfw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 bash rhsa-2017:0725' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities in first patch update of 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update systemd suse-su-2017:0279-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asliceoffredrik hi there do you need any gaming suggestions we have plenty of excellent pc games to recommend if you can t decide.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdsecurity security update addresses critical adobe flash player vulnerabilities cve-2018-4945 cve-2018-5000 cve-2018-5001' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s ghost busters we can scare off spectre haunting chrome tabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'divotdoggie fantastic are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9728 ibm qradar 7.2 is vulnerable to sql injection a remote attacker could send specially-crafted sql st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami ant alas-2018-1047' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ca privileged access manager 2.x code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new turning tables technique bypasses all windows kernel mitigations security researchers have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how fortified is your sap against security breaches infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 nodejs-jsv nodejs-uri-js 2018-13e08f4b4a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nuxro nahhh they re just trying to get you to use their browser we could popup msgs like that too but we re not annoying like that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe acrobat extension for chrome cve-2017-2929 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pradyutmathur welcome to the team how are you enjoying windows so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '350 000 twitter bot sleeper cell betrayed by love of star wars and windows phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elroyheesbeen 2 of 3 self hosted wordpress is a bit different from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orgphysics probably the most beautiful storm i ve ever witnessed south dakota us credit contentbible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity critical mcafee epo flaw ideal for reconnaissance infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office joker birthday card the probably won t actually make their birthday happy perfect for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows ces2017 msiusa launches a brand-new lineup of vr-ready gaming pcs powered by windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dbelson celebrating anvilwalrusden as he leaves oracle dyn to head up the internetsociety best wishes andrew' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows crypto driver and windows installer bugs let local users obtain potentially sensiti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday february 7th 2017 tue feb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer textarea.defaultvalue memory disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mybb vulnerabilities bfd5d004-81d4-11e8-a29a-00e04c1ea73d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news govcert.hk security alert a17-03-01 vulnerability in apache struts 8-mar-2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms15-094 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3089548 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp keine hintert r f r beh rden' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 5 6 7 java-1.7.0-openjdk cesa-2017:0269' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kitten_boy789yt are you still experiencing the on windows 10 keep us posted we d be happy to assist.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security visual link sharing websites builder script 2.1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just make a list draw on the web and make it clear the only browser with inking and sharing built-in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2523-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alisaesage they use 3d acceleration to improve page rendering it s optional you can disable it in chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenikkigee hi nikki give these steps a try open chrome gt go to the google dashboard gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday envato clone script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nork hackers lazarus brought back to life by applejeus to infect macs for the first time malware with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update procps suse-su-2018:1836-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4230-1 redis security update multiple vulnerabilities were discovered in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-8627 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla jembedall 1.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'china mobile says the advantages of linux come down to cost and control via swapnilbhartiya:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2016-1415' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday itech inventory management software 3.77 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple will let users run iosapps on macos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld where will you travel from to attend oow18 see how our 2018 global network is shaping up based on instagram stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity keydnap malware how does it steal mac passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take back wednesday sql slammer still alive but barely kicking wed nov 30th got a couple of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what are the best ad management plugins and solutions for wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ryhanson here is my write up on how i discovered and exploited a privilege escalation bug affecting windows 10 server 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pieeatingchamp hi chris sorry for any disappointment please direct message the customer account name your email' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'could semantic icons replace passwords and pins nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dewhurstsec security vulnerability in wpforo forum wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 26 4pm et ibmsecurity webcast understanding the true cost of endpoint management feat mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'costoons we re glad to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rwang0 hi ray where do you and rossdawson envision hybridcloud fitting into the table of 100 disruptive technol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. microsoft google to block adobe flash by default in edge chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress google analytics counter tracker 3.1.5 php object injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arborial_dragon that s quite impressive how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress phishing scams what every user needs to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343899 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maldekstra first tweet about google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simple security flaws like failure to change default passwords or segment networks could open ships up to disast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 pdns-recursor 2018-76c82b393e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-734-1 mapserver security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6513 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5546 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pass gets a fail simple password store suffers gnupg spoofing bug brinkmann files third signature spoof infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ip bill brexit and trump create perfect storm of autocracy writing in the new scientist today ray infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday tor browser amp amp lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arthurreyx excellent choices have any other specific features caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 libvirt alas-2018-1049 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update icu suse-su-2018:1602-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nematombo looks great how are you liking windows 10 mobile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas . gartner_inc oracle cloud infrastructure a new provider that we had not scored before fared really well. iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation exp 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'look what s that over there sophos nips windows dns dll false positive in the bud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 5 6 7 thunderbird cesa-2016:2825 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks heating up against apache struts 2 vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'impkdaw got it give the steps in the guide to help fix connection errors in chrome a try:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'publicly released source code works reliably against a wide range of firefox versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5223 integer overflow in pdfium in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud what the holidays and accountbasedmarketing have in common via oraclemktgcloud johnrampton' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timinroy awesome have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter docker 1.12.6 fixes privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'musacakar you can find more info on the windows insider mvp program here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medjayr thanks for reaching out anomali staxx is currently certified on vmware esxi server v6.0 or oracle virtual box 5.0 vm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lexfaptain nessa_star4 johnsense38 yes try privatebrowsing next time at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the one is the best tho works back to win2000 also install ms17-010 and disable smb1 and don t annoy ned' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows win32k and other component bugs let remote users execute arbitrary code and local users gain elevated privi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. oraclesocial s lisajanetblack believes managing a great product is a bit like basketball.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce trend micro officescan directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity apple s icloud saved the deleted safari browsing history over the years infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm kenexa lcms premier on cloud sql injection cve-2016-5939' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akanoyuki87 hi again just following up with you did reinstalling google chrome fix the crashes let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap netweaver application server java remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched windows zero day allows dos attacks possibly other exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamarnali hi there i see your site is self-hosted the self-hosted wordpress sites are supported through the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt infosec_pom dschadow updated javasecurity on 2018-06-17 at 12:13:04 gmt the repo has 40 stars and 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nithyaruff the todogroup is about opensource program officers hosted at the linuxfoundation willnorris amp aspyker at the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:2161 spectre nessus plugin id 110999 with medium severity synopsis the remote red' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polaris office 2017 8.1 remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec easy support tools 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'magic leap finally demoed its headset and it is disappointing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia linux gpu display driver multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lynis auditing tool 2.4.7 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to darryl_macleod lgarcia65 techandme_se nginx wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt craigmwhitlock also fat leonard s favorite place to fix up us navy officers with hookers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na vu 245327 mcafee virus scan enterprise contains multiple vulnerabilities vulnerability note vu 245327mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'campuscodi zackwhittaker the exploit requires you already have root to make the struts install vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visioninblue have you set your active hours the tells us the best times to update your d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'noellinks hi please email events linuxfoundation.org and our team will be happy to help with the issue.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news chrome bug triggered errors on websites using symantec ssl certificates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2486-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nuked klan cms 1.8 file upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'testing nouveau s open-source nvidia support on linux 4.10 with nvboost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity brother and sister arrested for spying on italian politicians for years infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami gnupg alas-2018-1045 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 ntp rhsa-2017:0252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 angle type confusion unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt louparker treat me as a human being not a human resource then i ll stay engaged. practical advice from david macleod obe oraclem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google promotes chrome 55 browser to stable channel 36 security issues patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap travel management cross site scripting vulnerability travel management cross site scripting vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ransomware just added new tricks to spread faster and infect windows xp pcs hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in past weeks we found a professor at a russian academy got his pc infected.windows xp.intel e2180.1 gb ram. lt 80' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp security flaw exposed millions of users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ajaltamimi excellent and vital reporting but the saudi us uk actions in yemen are no more a war on yemen than iran russia a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress themes multimedia1 shell upload vulnerability csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'installing steam on fedora 25 linux linuxconfig steam is easily the most popular pc gaming client and with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9919 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee ciso the importance of a strong cybersecurity culture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free topic pale moon browser use-after-free risk high text: exploit title pale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal vulnerability wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'goodforenergy hi helen does the only happen in chrome try using incognito mode amp let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it security news daily summary stop us if you ve heard the one adobe flash gets emergency patch for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the mcafee gti protected against 49m ____ per day in q1.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode windows x64 password protected bind shellcode 825 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'job portal script 9.11 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity visa applicants seeking entry to us may have to give up passwords says dhs chief infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bxchen just posted firefox is back i highly recommend considering it as your primary computer browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'changing wordpress themes how to transfer seo settings with seo data transporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt heikeritter obsessed with advanced hunting in windows defender atp we understand we are too now you can orderly organize al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_wsh hi there what version of chrome are you using to check go to the address bar and type in chrome: version .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update imagemagick suse-su-2018:2465-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rivals keyword marketing activity censured by high court plumb out of order online marketing activity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft and qualcomm collaborate to bring windows 10 x86 emulation to snapdragon processors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'state data officers offer feedback on federal data strategy given that state and local agencies are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mohamad_sani welcome back to team windows how are you enjoying it so far we re here to help if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt weldpond in 2000 atstake published an advisory where network device derived backdoor password from mac address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crooks used multi-stage attacks aimed at russian service centers securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paul brown shows how to use systemd to start and stop a usb webcam as a simple surveillance system:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn more about the windows defender security center now available for windowsinsiders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quietgirl1992 great answer what have you been using windows 10 for most so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly update live published posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-18 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 firefox cesa-2018:2113 nessus plugin id 111013 with high severity synopsis the remote ce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ameyaw112 the is another resource for self-hosted wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt spytalker just amazing that hansen could spend 5 years as a dia case officer and still come up with such a dumb idea of tr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3674-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'northbankchris that s odd what version of chrome are you using to check open chrome amp type in chrome: version keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the most common mistakes when making a password revealed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms16-152 security update for windows kernel 3199709 severity rating importantrevision note v1.0 decemb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6496 remote cross-site request forgery csrf potential has been identified in ucmbd browser version 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kev51097914 thank you kev how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many netgear routers leak admin passwords netgear has released firmware updates for many of its routers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0838-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rauchg the browsh text-based browser is so amazingly good.the is what the elders expected lynx to become' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'viral pictures and video script 2.0.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6677 directory traversal vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web gat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache http server up to 2.4.24 mod_auth_digest crash denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to xceptn dragosr systemcodegeeks wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 fillalternateslist buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'craigwinneker welcome back craig how s your experience with windows so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15808 posim evo 15.13 for windows includes hardcoded database credentials for the root database user r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7933 in abb ip gateway 3.39 and prior some configuration files contain passwords stored in plain-text wh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to patch smart speaker chromecast location leak bug the loophole could allow attack websites to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq rt-sa-2016-003 less.js compilation of untrusted less files may lead to code execution through the java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update php5 suse-su-2016:2975-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevinbfiscus try applocker built into windows also windows defender application control if you have a compatible os version.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3272 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0086 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 race condition in net packet af_packet.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.12 allows local users to ga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp may let you recall sent messages and track friends location in realtime thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd nice chat today with oracle marketing interns working with judithsimoracle at hq lots of excellent questions fro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability linux kernel multiple remote denial infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add additional ip secondary ip in ubuntu system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecx 3 ways to start thinking about data for customerexperience moving into the new year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rpoli3 please try clearing your browser cache and cookies and try resetting your modem router for the comments we need the url of a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office routers infected by mirai malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cabbagebrooksie gotcha have you set your active hours the tells us the best times to update your pc.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jepaynemsft every week we encounter at least one case of malware taking advantage of matching local admin passwords you can fi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0228 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s the scale of the javascript payment processing challenge with a focus just on airlines they ve injected 3r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity the increasing importance of security analytics via securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware releases not cool but very useful integrated containers virtzilla embraces docker with open infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 3.0.1 denial of service gain privileges memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je auto 1.5 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft confirms a new issue in june patch for windows 10 version 1803' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giveoutmore if your email address isn t being recognised for a password reset please fill out the account recover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 wget phsa-2017-0046 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass hit by password stealing and code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter severe vulnerability in cisco s webex extension for chrome leaves pcs open to easy attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix openssl advisory openssl_advisory26.asc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java se mission control insecure transport mitm cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 2.0 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking windows 10 creators update brings new security capabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anti-viruses can be hijacked via legit windows tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting topic cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross sit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update jpeg suse-su-2018:1825-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is showing inline ads in their windows 10 mail app message list' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 server 2016 kernel memory address handler information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'revoking security clearances a short update yesterday bradley moss penned an excellent explainer of how infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec kenno media sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ashk4n ab375 was just signed by jerrybrowngov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oisinlunny travelling in style from mwc17 to dj at the mmmagtweets barcelona party tonight thanks to oraclefreerides' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view agent 7.x lt 7.5.1 local information disclosure vulnerability vmsa-2018-0018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deasy pauses on jedi cloud acquisition the dod cio set cloud as his office s top priority but when it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-151 security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3205651' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cellbubbles you can learn more about windows 10 here let us know if you have any questions we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tivoli storage manager fastback mount cmountdismount::getvaultdump rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.3.6 denial of service gain privileges memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xdude there is only 1 out of the 8 mongodb ransom groups that actually saves your database to another host we only d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deaviola that s an impressive amount of time what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how has the apache struts vulnerability affected your enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sp3akzy that s fantastic have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver xml external entity information disclosure vulnerability netweaver xml external entity in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin online hotel booking system pro 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln joomla aweb cart watching system extension cve-2016-10114 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt anyamare we don t want to be ahead of the curve we want to create the curve. oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap pushes to patch risky hana security flaws before hackers strike' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to darewhee serverfault srita_karen wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.8.0-ibm rhsa-2018:1975 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat up to 9.0.0.m13 error handler information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce microsoft windows journal buffer overflow via a jtp file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec iball baton 150m password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2016:3208-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability cve 2016-6803 apache infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update virtualbox opensuse-2016-1366' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re grateful for our customers partners employees and fans happy thanksgiving from oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3421 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows .library-ms information disclosure library description files are xml files that def' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pannifugo hi there can you check and confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3503 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update php5 opensuse-2016-1505 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc exploit for critical apache struts flaw found online helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gbhackeron jsrat secret command and control channel backdoor to control victims machine using javascriptread:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high rhsa-2017:0282 openstack-cinder openstack-glance and openstack-nova security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paul brown linux_spain continues the tour of linux with the tutorial on creating and managing users and groups' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 962459 linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service vulnerability note vu 962459 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'molly was assigned to serve as a regional finance officer in nairobi her office was located in the section of the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richmcintyrejr ah nice we suggest checking out the windows 10 tips archive to get more acquainted with windows 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd memory leak in different components efe43d2b-8f35-11e8-b9e8-dcfe074bd614 nessus plugin id 111318 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chasgustaf hmm just to confirm are you still experiencing crashes after uninstalling and reinstalling chrome al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 17.10 dns-root-data update usn-3715-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install magento 2 with nginx and letsencrypt on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to move wordpress to a new host or server with no downtime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how have the broadcom flaws impacted you or your enterprise learn more about the lenovothinkpad vulnerabilities w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux 2 glibc alas-2018-1048' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whether you think of yourself as a captain or just a lowly deck hand the docker101 page has the answers to all yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so some of the policies are super old eg the ones for windows vista but telling people not to comply with them w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4227-1 plexus-archiver security update nessus plugin id 110503 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cia museum artifact of the week uniform of oss officer col william h pietsch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201806-03 burp multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110524 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 libvirt rhsa-2018:1997 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4267-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diomuller hi there we wanted to check in how has your overall windows 10 experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian crowd lt 2.11.2 oauth plugin iconuriservlet internal network resource disclosure csrf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5995 the pcpu_embed_first_chunk function in mm percpu.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'engineer finds microsoft azure cloud flaw posed rhel hacking risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it takes a village why digital communities are key to learning oraclesuccessinsaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt defcon there s a severe weather alert for dust storm and severe thunderstorm please take care of yourselves and stay insi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian military intel officers for dnc hacks scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mailman hardening against malicious listowners injecting evil html scripts 739948e3-78bf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt robbycataldo kaspersky internet security was recognized for online banking security excellence by mrgeffitas demonstrating' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news gop senator alleges password-hijack attempts after blasting wikileaks founder' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new windows malware wants to add your pc to a botnet or worse the intentions of and delivery infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory gnupg2 updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux phsa-2017-0019 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6681 abuse of functionality vulnerability in the web interface in mcafee network security man' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft blocks embedding settingcontent-ms files in office 365 docs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update squid on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chatnow 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps itech travel portal script 9.35 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.16 2.4.x lt 2.4.8 2.6.x lt 2.6.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rodatusr very moving to see how we at oracle make a difference all over the globe oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ciprianmierea there s some really good sap partners and some pretty shoddy in house from what i ve seen ultimatel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nabfathi15 hi your video disappeared can you send a link to the site and to the page or post with the video' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 url redirection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s what gdpr means for the future of browser fingerprinting hint it s not good' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lushltd undercover police officers have infiltrated the lives homes and beds of activists since 1968 their roles were to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sedshah thanks for the info seda do you see the same issue when loading the website in another browser on your computer let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'git for windows 2.13.x lt 2.13.7 2.14.x lt 2.14.4 2.15.x lt 2.15.2 2.16.x lt 2.16.4 2.17.x lt 2.17.1 remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday august 20th 2018 sun aug 19th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel ack challenge infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thecybersecexp it s the other brother' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-2971 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin job manager 4.1.0 cross-site scripting exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google sends titan broadband drones to the unicorns graveyard alphabet shutters another moonshot bad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you want a really funny exercise write a yara rule for flash embedded in office and then run it against your us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google forms wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why https matters via googlechrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 360coresec cve-2018-5002 analysis of the second wave of flash zero-day exploit in 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5754 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in the office-web component in open-xchange ox app suite bef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux arm execve amp quot bin sh amp quot amp quot bin sh amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'share your perspective instantly thanks to screen sketch on windows ink workspace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sreenisreeni13 music to our ears are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday splunk 7.0.1 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2018-11409 webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts vulnerability leaves major websites exposed apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt packet_storm seig modbus 3.4 remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 memcached cesa-2016:2819 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3805-1 firefox-esr security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1481-1 linux-4.9 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we were one of several companies to launch new products and features at dockercon by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nilelivesey hi nile can you check if you re experiencing the same issue in another browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newsycombinator hackread pwn2own 2017 researchers hacked adobe reader edge ubuntu and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a net promoter score nps survey in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djjuulliiee hi there try these steps go to gt settings gt apps amp notifications gt app info gt chrome gt storage gt ta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bsuneja howdy thanks for your interest in wordpressvip. we d be happy to reach out to you is the contact form o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft msr javascript cryptography library cve-2018-8319 remote security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3694-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt warwick_ashford fileless malware a growing trend warns mcafee_labs highlighting cactustorch which seeing rapid adoption by cy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stephenmendez hi stephen that doesn t sound good could you confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to patch smart speaker chromecast location leak bug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java system solutions sso plugin for bmc myit 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ragnarlodbrok45' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo-based exgent linux distro gets the best version ever says developer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft research javascript cryptography library lets remote users bypass security restrictions on t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress copy-me 1.0.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft reportedly working on a lightweight version of windows known as cloud shell' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add one-click google login in wordpress step by step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dbd-mysql up to 3.x 4.040 on perl mysql_server_prepare 1 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brock_toon hi ian are you still having any issues downloading the game we re here to help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dpknyc one thing i cannot state in strong enough words the basics matter ignoring the basics will let a nation state ac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s show is up oz japan to ban huawei from 5g builds struts bug big deal or meh voting machine c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2016:3083-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mspartner our second day of msinspire corenotes is off to a great start we re eager to learn how our speakers envision the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zeroday actively exploiting torproject browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm0rb defcon oh in office challenge accepted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new rakos botnet found to be targeting linux servers amp iot devices w brute force attacks:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'johnnyryan paulnemitz jreidenberg marcrotenberg chesterj1 hoofnagle julespolonetsky juliesbrill jbienkahn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers talossecurity say the impact of the vpnfilter malware discovered last month is larger than originally' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatlist spam s revival is tied to adobe flash s demise spam is back with a vengeance thanks to the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian military intel officers for dnc hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moofle sounds amazing how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld we re 100 days away from oracle openworld haven t registered create your tomorrow today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vidyazilla ah okay how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virginia beach native receives navy excellence award' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day windows file-sharing flaw can crash systems maybe worse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress contact form maker 1.12.20 xss csrf sql injection wordpress contact form maker plugin versions 1.12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity busting the security myth should i use wordpress for my website robertabela wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vasudevg we re glad to hear your device is running smoothly now how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nation state cyber attack are an act of war senior british law officer thinks hostile states targeting essential' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and configure gitlab ce on ubuntu 18.04 16.04 sever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2017-5585 sql injection in opentext documentum content server 7.3 postgresql builds only bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7240 ms16-129 microsoft edge browser memory corruption remote code execution vii 3199057 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity shadow brokers say goodbye leak a batch of windows hacking tools infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploiting windows using microsoft office dde exploit macroless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'merlinnandoe hi there try clearing the app s cache settings gt apps gt chrome gt storage gt clear cache let us how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts intel-microcode vulnerabilities usn-3756-1 foreshadow s nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-9028 weak cryptography used for passwords in ca privileged access manager 2.x reduces the complexity for p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3675-3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sungodra33 hi there what makes you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero-day flaw disclosed via twitter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash zero-day leveraged for targeted attack in middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3936 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aionescu presentation slides for my black hat talk on wsl lxss the linux kernel hidden inside windows 10 are up at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'continental we er tire of whatsapp snapchat on work phones gdpr innit theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco prime collaboration provisioning input validation flaw in web framework lets remote users inject' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2018-937 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add post type archive in wordpress navigation menus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your office printer vulnerable to being attacked researchers probed 20 models from a range of big infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sweettea4terry enjoying the inspirational stories and encouragement from oracle management today during the oracleemployeesummit.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2018-547 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'palo alto networks pan-os 6.1.21 and earlier 7.1.x lt 7.1.19 8.0.x lt 8.0.12 8.1.x lt 8.1.3 multiple nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colleenirish71 hi colleen try restarting your device and relaunch google chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uber finds its first chief privacy officer in long-time intel in-house counsel ruby zefo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tobymole hi toby please email helpdesk rt.linuxfoundation.org for assistance with the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3151-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off themeisle premium wordpress themes use coupon tibf2016 cost less than 4 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vermin rat a password-stealing eavesdropping malware is currently targeting the ukrainian government.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkcampus arturodicorinto barbaracarfagna recent power outages in turkey were also caused by cyber' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blazed_mist thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going at the moment we woul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my private tutor website builder script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us may ask travelers to forfeit social media account passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last dridex trojan variant uses a new tactic to bypass windows uac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1467-1 ruby-zip security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'privacy coalition calls for facebook to be broken up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpback cross site scripting sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wi-fi attack can crack your passwords avast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14678 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.11 as used in xen through 4.11.x the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3438 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nosapps thanks for the fave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'turnbull s hand-picked disruptor disrupts disruption by departing digital transformation office agency infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trickbot malware re-emerging via ms word documents with powerful code-injection technique trickbot infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings github mazen160 struts-pwn_cve-2018-11776 an exploit for apache struts cve-2018-11776' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'michealknight12 wow that s impressive thanks for sticking with us all these years what are you loving about windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 update broke dhcp knocked users off the internet infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to manage application certificates with docker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to achieve security via whitelisting with docker containers networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recently our gm and oracleiaas vp kyork20 featured on futuretechp talking about dns in the cloud era.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to s6s5a2 techvicky_com ruggerotonelli security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::hasflag memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris cluster 4.3 remote code execution vulnerability oracle solaris cluster 4.3 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dinosn ruggerotonelli vpsguide_net wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaiitlin hey there do you have any questions we can help with we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security update cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3754-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker patches container escape vulnerability docker has patched a privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8740 the mod_http2 module in the apache http server the mod_http2 module in the apache http ser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamesbroadusii thanks i m very glad you enjoyed my talk.slides are here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel malformed gpos table buffer overflow the microsoft windows kernel suffers from an otf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2017 to bring more ransomware iot ddos attacks and scada incidents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talos discloses multiple vulnerabilities in aerospike nosql database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tech2eets . whatsapp is claiming that there is minimal data sharing taking place with facebook as far as its payments servic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looking to embrace a culture of speed mclaren racing ceo zbrownceo advocates for embracing tech for the ultimate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dockerdublin we are all set for tonight s meetup a huge thanks to lizrice aquasecteam workday and riotgames for making it p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5209 bad casting in bitmap manipulation in blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join microsoft webcast to learn about their unified endpoint security platform 7 27 1pm et mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.4.22 uaccess.h _get_user_asm_ex privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collinrblx hi there how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'super cms blog pro php script 1.0 sql injection shell upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0391 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hey wdsecurity could you please clarify the terminology for instance is there really a product named windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps takas classified 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet fence 8.1.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter my link trader 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla room management 1.0 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability patched in oracle database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt smedianut twitter continues its efforts to fight spam and misuse with new api restrictions via so' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suspicious word document with a cra warning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows doubleagent attack turns av tools into malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 oxide-qt vulnerabilities usn-3153-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-1854 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking shadow brokers retire awaiting offer of 10 000 bitcoins for cache of exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'based in europe want to meet the team behind bro join us for our 1st european bro workshop sep 18-19 at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update recommended update for dbus-1 suse-su-2017:0695-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nec aterm wg2600hp2 information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4254-1 slurm-llnl security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt subtee working on an upcoming blog and stumbled onto the list of windows 10 mitigations a de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-185 trend micro control manager adhocqueryexportprocessing sql injection remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt darkreading new free chrome plugin blocks cryptojacking browser attacks chrome cryptojacking qualys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe vulnerability usn-3221-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla my msg 3.2.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1439-1 resiprocate security update nessus plugin id 111311 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update vim suse-su-2016:2942-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moxa softcms 1.4 execute codesql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center five essential cybersecurity audiobooks techrepublic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'purism s privacy-focused librem 5 linux phone to look beautiful with gnome 3.30' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.13 net core sock.c sock_setsockopt sk_sndbuf sk_rcvbuf buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps damicms 6.0.0 cross-site request forgery change admin password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the eu parliamentary wording re kaspersky which has been voted through is crossing another bad rubicon in cyber s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 6 parallels-server-bm-release vzkernel etc vza-2018-048 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krmarko bromium they offer that in windows 10 already called application guard you can run an edge tab in its own vm.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat developer discovers simpler way to crack wpa2 wireless passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2162 spectre nessus plugin id 110995 with medium severity syn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kapustkiy hacked the national assembly of ecuador website the hacker broke into the backend of the www infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter new malware allows hackers to turn headphones into microphones to eavesdrop on your conversations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dietrich i ve never been so happy to get a browser prompt as i was when firefoxnightly asked me the today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt yucabyte the oracle dyn continuously monitors the internet and dougmadory their director of internet analysis noted a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update apache2 suse-su-2018:2336-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rockwell automation rslinx classic lt 4.00.01 local privilege escalation nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryancdotorg fs0c131y officialmcafee cybergibbons a ryan.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dragosr exploit ring0 on windows kernel using write-what-where amp abusing gdi to bypass smep smap cfg rfg mitigations poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhsa-2016:2923-1 moderate openstack-cinder and openstack-glance security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5579 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'business networking script 8.11 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle sunitha sales manager at oracle_india is one of the oraclewomen enjoying a full-circle career experience:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe linux-azure linux-gcp vulnerabilities usn-3740-2 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 libvirt elsa-2018-1929' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox javascript zero-day under active exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nickruffilo that s what we love to hear nick which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2016:2919' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamingjakal we re glad to hear things are better now how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elleskelly hi there could you check if you re logged into the same chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3149-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3753-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft forces owners of recent cpu architectures to use windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isns server memory corruption vulnerability in microsoft windows server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday february 21st 2017 tue feb 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday video site creator script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libfsntfs 20180420 information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-5574 sql injection vulnerability in register.php in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adriabroaduk please share the site url so we can take a look.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdsecurity now in public preview windows defender atp support for windows 7 and windows 8.1 onboard windows 7 and windows 8.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mysql enterprise monitor 3.2.x lt 3.2.2.1075 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rokthetank excellent choices do you play as horde or alliance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko by the way they are called bullet points because death by powerpoint' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from today google chrome starts marking all non-https sites not secure thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tenablecareers we need more sales pros in our london area office know anyone jobs salesjobs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sikaftw we re happy to hear it are you enjoying new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada keydnap malware how does it steal mac passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jolet_manga_art wow the looks wonderful j l t thanks for sharing how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atobe_draws gotcha could you share which version of windows 10 you re currently running we d like to take a more in depth look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-bounds read vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows adodb.record object file overwrite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sami_uni got it for more info on the we suggest you post your query on our chromebook central help forum one o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1957:01 important git security update an update for git is now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zackwhittaker new a hacker is protesting article13 by spreading messages through unprotected and exposed television set-top box' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7688 a missing permission check in the review handling of opensuse open build service before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptocurrency service bancor robbed of billions myetherwallet users targeted via malicious vpn chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy to hug even easier to love cuddle up with 10 images of these faithful friends in today s windows10 theme:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'floki bot strikes talos and flashpoint respond infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faisal__sayed wow thanks for sticking with us all these years faisal are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for internet explorer june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brandatol3690 that s music to our ears which windows features or apps have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba rhsa-2018:1860 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter exponent cms 2.3.9 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt systemsandtech pretty cool oracle launches autonomous database for online transaction processing with special event fronted by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog thegrugq tiraniddo pwnallthethings true story you can disable flash in office with a simple registry fix whic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2364-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter former cia officers on trump russia dossier the intel community is not in the business of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases july 2018 security bulletin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srun pointer::span qualifier run type out-of-bou 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you brave a great browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap netweaver information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sultra cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 expat elsa-2016-2824 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bemmoh we appreciate your patience how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd from the nyse bell podium as oracle celebrates our union with netsuite by ringing the closing bell with some of o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat domain password audit tool dpat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chatnow 1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt axios mcafee is offering free cloud services to election officials in all 50 states for one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker boosts container storage with infinit acquisition eweek docker aims to directly integrate storage cap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display data in a human-friendly way on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday august 9th 2018 thu aug 9th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashicorp consul web ui and api access nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos atomic host 7.5 released for those who want to run linux containers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sami_uni that doesn t sound good sam try performing a hard reset on your chromebook turn off the device then p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mutedpanda no worries at all we re here to help how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3728-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 xmlrpc3 elsa-2018-1779 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flash exploit found in seven exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 form data format privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if anybody wants to examine the security implications of the a game addon that writes into windows system folder' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3440 vulnerability in the oracle customer interaction history component of oracle e-business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_graciechats hmm what is your site address which version of the wordpress app are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1438-1 opencv security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to prayer on tuesday night a group of unknown infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aix openssl advisory openssl_advisory27.asc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 kernel cesa-2018:1854 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm execve bin sh bin sh null shellcode 32 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nsa-leaking shadow brokers lob molotov cocktail before exiting world stage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln skype for windows cve-2016-5720 untrusted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome not secure warning bbc news today reported that the new chrome 68 browser has resulted in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'most malware-infected us cities list show size doesn t matter webroot s list of the top 10 most infected infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress mailchimp 3.1.5 4.0.10 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5218 a sql injection issue was discovered in sagecrm 7.x before 7.3 sp3 the ap_documentui.asp web resour' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'c0z hi nicole does the happen only with chrome try browsing in incognito mode let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3742-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'luminismyt hi there the is due to a recent update in chrome feel free to send us your feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity jordanian police storm castle free tourists operation continuing securi infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with firefox color you can customize the look and feel of your browser every day if that s something you have ti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'displaylink core software 8.2.1956 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars death star bean bag chair cover that s no moon it s a bean bag cover acquire infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt socialwiz how long does twitter suspension last learn what happens by lisapatb twittertips twitterjail socialmedia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update postgresql96 suse-su-2018:1695-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamleleau thanks for the kind words how has the rest of your experience with windows been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla music collection 3.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases july 2018 security bulletin original release date july 17 2018 oracle has released its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i have the strong feeling that someone is trolling me at the office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'natebmartin excellent choices have you tried capturing any epic moments with the game bar yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress comments import and export csv injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amatosg that s odd could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps afte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mozilla multiple vulnerabilities cd81806c-26e7-4d4a-8425-02724a2f48af nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft pulls windows 10 your phone release and sets it insider only again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paulwebsec i dumped all default passwords listed on cirt website and formatted them in a markdown ta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update java-1_6_0-ibm suse-su-2016:3040-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update ffmpeg opensuse-2016-1365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibreathetweets hi is the regarding the wordpress ios app or through your phone browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truckershorizon right on how is your current windows experience going we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3372 vulnerability in the oracle interaction blending component of oracle e-business suite subcomponent:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 7 obtain information vulnerability microsoft windows 7 obtain information vulnerability8 mar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts python2.7 python3.2 python3.4 python3.5 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 memcached rhsa-2016:2820 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 plugin answer sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'couchbase server remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add tooltip testimonials in wordpress themes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weirfoxcoon gotcha let s have you try these steps to troubleshoot issues with sleep in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome original release date june 07 2018 google has released chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'create beautiful ascii text banners in linux kerneltalks stylize your terminal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln nessus cve-2017-7199 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0014 remote code execution vulnerability discovere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peruse a comic book reader for linux desktops peruse is an open source comic book reader developed by the kd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking chrome to look more awesome i ve been playing around with a few of the hidden flags in the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bbw1984 breaking news big brother watch and baroness jones begin landmark legal challenge to facial recognition surveillan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews new zip slip vulnerability affects thousands of projects including those from google oracle ibm apache pivo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security researchers uncover new vulnerabilities in password managers hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:2003 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows scf file feature bypass microsoft windows suffers from an scf open file security wa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 2fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dotcms 3.3 partly execute code sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 thunderbird cesa-2018:2252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc get your free bro_ids logs cheat sheets for a limited time get our apocalypse-proof bro logs sent to your office.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows adodb.record object file overwrite exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android rkp privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pentesters need to keep track of browser options' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'botan c crypto algorithms library 1.10.14 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s new windows 10 game mode will maximize gaming performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in other words the finder of the vuln is the messenger don t shoot the messenger those bugs were there already.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ondrejricica before you refresh we recommend that you log in to firefox browser account amp sync your account th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln exponent cms cve-2017-5879 sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu extremely dangerous flash floods debris flow in chamoson switzerland yesterday aug 7th video by delphine thur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dnalims admin module command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update curl suse-su-2018:1478-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'created by brandon amp hakobyans sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_8_0-openjdk opensuse-2016-1380 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i2p 0.9.35 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patching windows for spectre and meltdown a complete guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pass-the-hash is dead long live localaccounttokenfilterpolicy windows pentest hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer delivered though compromized javascript file fri jul 13th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking over 8 800 wordpress plugins have flaws study' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop us if you ve heard the one adobe flash gets emergency patch for zero-day exploit the internet s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday splunk 7.0.1 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2018-11409 webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_7_0-openjdk suse-su-2017:0490-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-8651 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vulnerability in microsoft smbv3 protocol crashes windows pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the bright lights of broadway will go dark on august 30 at exactly 6:45 pm edt for one minute to honor neil simon s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-148 critical security update for microsoft office 3204068 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to dump windows 10 s smaller delta updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bionicbeagle thanks for sharing how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update openssh suse-su-2017:0606-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge browser introduces web authentication feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was published' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parulsethia28 got it learn more about how our favorite windows 10 features can help you stay organized here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are custom fields in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update security update to ucode-intel suse-su-2018:2331-1 foreshado nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel mm memory.c local code execution vulnerability kernel-rt 2.6.22linux ker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1440-1 libarchive-zip-perl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple passwords are key to staying safe on the cyberspace drericcole cybersecurity cybersafety' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wezmaster warning wordpress file delete to code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rebusmind that sounds amazing which games are you playing the most on windows 10 we would love to hear your first impressions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases security patch update for creative cloud desktop application windows and macos to address an impor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thelincster our account recovery team doesn t have access to twitter dms will you email them at passwordhelp word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google password protects pixel 2 firmware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2321-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4251-1 vlc security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched vulnerability in firefox used to attack tor browser wed nov 30th tor browser an easy to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matousrokos thanks again for sharing the love for windows 10 we d love to quote you can you dm us your email address for more info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4 cross-site-scripting topic wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nprignano hi nick how s your experience with windows 10 going so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities 4ffb633c-0a3b-11e7-a9f2-0011d823eebd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1416-1 libsoup2.4 security update nessus plugin id 110946 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a photo album gallery in wordpress without a plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom buying ca for 19 billion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec itech b2b 4.2.9 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gregozdmc finally opendns i found the elusive larry although i m still on the search for his big brother findlarry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2018-906 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researcher leveraged app paths to bypass user account control in windows hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress responsive poll cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft google to block flash by default in edge chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player multiple flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute arbitrary c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hayleyxmartin22 ah so that site is not connected to it is using the open source wordpres' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cloudflare bug exposed passwords other sensitive data from websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 7.0.41 lt 7.0.89 default insecure settings nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the myabj has nominated oracle for having the coolest office in austin. cast your vote here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2018-176-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter east of western mobile scripts sqli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'queened_up hi there we wanted to check in which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vaderslayer2 hello did you know you can record clips with the windows 10 game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts ant vulnerability usn-3721-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa hasn t closed security windows snowden climbed through nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt colne_magna pptsapper in preparing for battle i have always found that tweets are useless but tweeting is indispensable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jensen_wake we re happy to hear it how is the rest of your windows 10 experience going at the moment we d love to hear your impressions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.5.3 press the function csrf denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techecon funzione pubblica 17enne viola sito e ottiene i dati di 45.000 utenti vision di securityaffairs bestoftheweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news from ossummit linuxfoundation adds 51 new silver and associate members meet them at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip snap a photo start a search discover new capabilities for your camera with bing today:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starting at 4 pm explore the latest nessus and securitycenter innovations at bhusa booth 404' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8247 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when office web apps server 2013 and office online ser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libgcrypt side-channel attack vulnerability 9b5162de-6f39-11e8-818e-e8e0b747a45a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6136 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ithemes security plugin amp amp lt 7.0.3 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mistrcaboose excellent do you have any questions we can help you answer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday august 17th 2018 fri aug 17th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project speculative execution side channel vulnerability xsa-273 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add css ghost buttons in your wordpress theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update openssl opensuse-2018-704' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free ms13-037 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter gpg suite prior 2015.06 installerhelper installpackage xmlpath privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phplist 3.2.6 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps travel tours script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity poc exploit leads to discovery of two windows flaws infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows media center 6.1.7600 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major ics scada vendors team up in 60m investment in claroty darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ioannaiordanou the is it six years of my life 350 pages 120 000 words endless hours in front of the computer screen it al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anywhere i goproductivity followswith open' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wenjaminn hi there can you tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert issues advisory after researchers report increase in attacks against sap and oracle erp apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech b2b script 4.28 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegaymagneto hi david is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows 10 experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclebigdata what s the difference between ai machine learning and deep learning bigdata machinelearning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsrnz metlstorm no i had the normal one removed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ottoberagg looks great otto are you working on any other projects with windows 10 iot core' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fwknop port knocking utility 2.6.10 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons there is no storage on a bitfi none you can t hack it officialmcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.3 netfilter privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'best enterprise password manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display recent tweets in wordpress with twitter widgets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'js_tut hi there how are things going for you at moment we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows enterprise mode site list 1 2 xml injection microsoft windows enterprise mode site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nhs trusts still relying on windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you should not remove dates from your wordpress blog posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.9.5 atusb.c buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ptracesecurity i know where your page lives de-randomizing the windows 10 kernel exploitdev hacking infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows alpc local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slimaruser management 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7265 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 excel 2010 sp2 excel 2013 sp1 excel 2013 rt sp1 excel 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12321 there is a heap out of bounds read in radare2 2.6.0 in java_switch_op in libr anal p anal_java.c v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tdelrosario23 hi thomas we d like to look into the could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is wo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesportyfan can you download the canary a future version of chrome and see if you still experience the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db bbs e-franchise 1.1.1 unauthenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338825 windows 10 version 1709 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110984 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt coindesk chief crypto officer at htc says a new blockchain phone scheduled to be released later the year will feature th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glimji that s excellent have any windows features or apps been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9775 the postrm script in the tomcat6 package before 6.0.45 dfsg-1 deb7u3 on debian wheezy before 6.0.45' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt redactedmedic here s the transcript from everyone else that has brought their phone into a scif: shitshitshitshitshitshit oh he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ajit pai defends decision to revoke low-cost broadband designations infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infinitewp client wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our thanks again to redhat for being a gold sponsor the week of linuxcon containercon cloudopen china' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1955-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1929-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using new way to bypass microsoft office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kirako ok can you send an email to help wordpress.com from the address you need help with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit for windows dos zero-day published patch out on tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3443 vulnerability in the oracle common applications component of oracle e-business suite subcomponent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday march 27th 2017 mon mar 27th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_odisseus microsoft releases security updates for flash player but two disclosed flaws remain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'responsive filemanager 9.13.4 path traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter high cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows loaduvstable heap-based buffer overflow vulnerability update 2016-12-14 exploitdev infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt octal one massive upside of microsoft buying github oracle didn t and can t buy github.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'registration is open for our 1st european bro workshop sep 18-19 at kitkarlsruhe bro dev team will be there' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel malformed gpos table buffer overflow exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sec s charges against brokers tied to 1.2b scam highlight red flags you need to watch for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5226 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for linux windows and mac executed javasc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jamesbsumner yes it was me who smuggled a large seabird into the plenary and launched it at the speaker s head with the words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 24 perl-dbd-mysql 2016-54fd3bf412' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked users urged to update their passwords and enable token-based 2fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle dark bot of the week scraper is its name stealing online content is its game learn how to protect your business.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux upgrade it hacking mcafee linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4227-1 plexus-archiver security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress comments import and export csv injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt foone fun fact hyperterminal from windows 95 still exists is still a commercial product and hasn t updated their ico' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud 3 mobilemarketing trends you can t afford to ignore via steveolenski oraclemktgcloud https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 biggest celebrity password blunders of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3733-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youbetyourballs weldpond same can be said of any broadly available tech that can improve life like refrigerated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kimruto hi kimutai we d like to look into the can you restart your device and reopen chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5568 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'batten down the ports linux networking bug segmentsmack could remotely crash systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201808-04 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isis is watching you is hacking team shares access to security cameras around the word i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwn goal hackers used the username root password root for botnet control database login theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dizzydynomite1 hi connie how are things running for you after the update we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft improves office 365 protection against phishing attacks for some infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lennartregebro thanks for letting us know you re helping make firefox better please also leave feedback here df' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt antisocial_eng dorset police use paper aeroplanes thrown through open windows to get that security advice in it s cheeky it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt logicomcloud did_you_know now you can manage all your document content within office365 environment with docfusion 365 from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domaincops malware yahoo mail xss trend office scan false positive podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'complexhumanity use a mobile browser edit the post click actions click gear by published then toggle the sticky option hope that helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu and centos are undoing a gnome security feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dizzydynomite1 we re happy to hear it when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 libxml2 linux openssh phsa-2017-0001 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn resetting a bios password by reflashing the bios eeprom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes july 18 re-released hot news and the rise of security notes our monthly report on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery wordpress tooltipy plugin version 5.0 suffers from a cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 moin vulnerabilities usn-3137-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 ntp 2016-c198d15316 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity ces2017 markvhurd talks with thecube about the state of security performance encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome original release date december 01 2016 google has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitchpeck31 what s happening to make you say that mitchell we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update irssi opensuse-2017-67' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oneartistchic that s fantastic welcome to windows 10 let us know if you have questions as you get settled in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dekethegeek hi don if you re still having problems with the checkout process please email training linuxfoundation.org for assistance.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malspam with password-protected word documents tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter links 20 3 2017 linux 4.11 rc3 openssh 7.5 released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sevantownsend very impressive which windows features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech movie portal script 7.37 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jv2017gameplay we re happy to hear it are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aroceu hi there the is due to the recent update in chrome 56 feel free to send us feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mr bishop i am honored to come home to the cia as a career officer the is the opportunity of a lifetime i ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password list collected by berzerk0 of mwr.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details google chrome accessibility blink infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4259-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voatz have responded to the thread skipping over the outdated wordpress install with username admin posting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt granetman wordpress 4.7.1 released patches eight vulnerabilities and 62 bugs by me securityaffairs hackin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jrgonsman hi jeffrey we d like to help could you try restarting your chromebook and then give these steps a try:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3169-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 liblouis euleros-sa-2018-1228 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-747-1 libupnp security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dakami morebre wpsutra wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-02 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5568 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fake whatsapp email comes as a billing alert malwarebytes security scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache attack traffic dropping limited to few sources while probes looking for vulnerable apache struts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4223-1 gnupg1 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use ics scada smart scanning to discover and assesses it-based systems in converged it ot environments here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2016-1410' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aaron_hamm hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xamit the is turning out to be an almost step-by-step guide for dynamic analysis of a packed and obfuscated .net malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2016:3174-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt luiseduardopm carguindegui oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more memcache trustico tls issues flash is out but so is dnssec podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hpe 3par storage snafu takes australian tax office offline sources tell of 10-hour data wiping disaster infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'often attackers don t have to steal passwords they are readily available' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump team challenge hardening critical infrastructure against scada-targeted attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2933 vulnerability in the oracle weblogic server component of oracle fusion middleware subco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft office 2013 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9563 bc-bmt-bpm-dsk in sap netweaver as java 7.5 allows remote authenticated users to conduc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud join us in san francisco for oracleopenworld 2018 four days of visionary content interactive demos and unparal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0509 an elevation of privilege vulnerability in the broadcom wi-fi driver could enable a local malicious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity insecure mongodb configuration leads to boom in ransom attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'about to get college degree illinois veteran excels at national cybersecurity competition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the gdpr and browser fingerprinting how it changes the game for the sneakiest web trackers the gdpr and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps zigaform sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 glibc phsa-2018-2.0-0066 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'penetration testing checklist for android windows apple amp blackberry phones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tarah splunk awesome congrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-9592 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b2evolution up to 6.7.8 lost password privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows .library-ms information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password-stealing eavesdropping malware targets ukrainian government vermin rat is custom-built infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts cve-2018-11776 results with no namespace possible remote code execution s2-057 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2017-5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top hids tools on the market in our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews adobe releases august 2018 security updates to patch a total of 11 vulnerabilities in its flashplayer creative c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nniltiakk we d be happy to help kaitlin which version of windows are you currently working on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk enterprise server up to 6.4.x alerts_id ssrf privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1933 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as i said on the ethicsvillage disclosure panel: responsible disclosure you keep using that word i do not th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2016:3041-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'struts-pwn an exploit for apache struts cve-2017-5638' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases security alert original release date august 13 2018 oracle has released a security alert to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln php cve-2016-7416 stack buffer overflow vulnerability ubuntu linux 16.04 ltsubuntu ubu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a methodical approach to browser exploitation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add signature or ads after post content in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.x pipe.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15571 the export users to csv plugin through 1.1.1 for wordpress allows csv injection cvss:0.0 last up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 is microsoft preparing to fix one of its users biggest complaints microsoft appears to be infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine cross-site scripting vulnerability nessus plugin id 110567 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthiaslischka we appreciate it your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to start a wordpress blog the right way beginners guide step by step video' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wa form builder 1.1 unauthenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3687-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:1820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome has a new feature called site isolation that protects against spectre but it also means a higher memory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na vu 535111 mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows is vulnerable to denial of service or code execution vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1525-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google chrome 55 fixes flaws blocks flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '___leigh__ that s fantastic leigh which features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here is oracle dyn s very own laurentgil being interviewed infosecurity europe come to the strategy talks theatr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robertmlee if strangers or friends randomly approach me at home i d be genuinely terrified dontkgbmebro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 54 spoofing cve-2016-5189' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cisco security advisory cisco webex browser extension remote code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9 bp of exception handler arch x86 kvm vmx.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe multiple bugs let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter property listing script blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0004' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu privacy guard 2.2.9 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 gnupg2 libgpg-error 2018-84fdbd021f nessus plugin id 110598 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac sharpen your infosec skills and advance your itsecurity career register now for sanssecurejapan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i never knew the chuckle brothers did a rap single it s great.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xkcd word puzzles via the comic content delivery system known as randal munroe at xkcd permalink the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbromileydfir says it takes a village to manage endpoints if you don t have the right tools register to learn mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'master_jorn aw thanks for the love how long have you been a windows fan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday nanopool claymore dual miner apis remote code execution exploit remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raspberry pi as physical backdoor to office networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thenewstack oracle extends autonomous database to transactional work joab_jackson larryellison oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truehoax the looks wonderful how are you enjoying streaming with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap afaria multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2017-3295 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tresob right on how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft excel products june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting topic wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting risk low text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local naenara browser 3.5 redstar 3.0 jackrabbit client-side command execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security whatsapp security vulnerability messages can be intercepted and read infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 memcached elsa-2016-2820' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pata_de_jaguar youtube i can help with the official linux builds minimize usage with these easy fixes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux phsa-2018-2.0-0083 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kmkz_security excellent slides on wmi lateral movements technics by philiptsukerman' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 25 off beaverbuilder drag amp drop page builder for wordpress limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-1251 chrome blink speech recognition controller use-after-free details fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd wordpress multiple issues 4740174c-82bb-11e8-a29a-00e04c1ea73d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa hasn t closed security windows snowden climbed through one of three problems found in an audit two infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2992 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps my php dating 2.0 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2997 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dyn great turnout for our women of oracle cloud infrastructure event today womenintech oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla vik rent items 1.3 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass in jung' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity european union to keep close scrutiny on whatsapp and skype user data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re on our 8th year of hosting the linux foundation training scholarship program don t miss out submit your ap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthromero that s quite a while manuel have any other features caught your eye in windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest from linux_spain on systemd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sam2kwel googlechrome why mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scriptless zero-day exploit bypasses linux security features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0010 meltdown nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mozilla firefox mfsa 2017-05 multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm bind 4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 128 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the secret s out reports of the privacy of private browsing have been greatly exaggerated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new version of windows 10 your phone app allows photo transfer from android microsoft has just started infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when the processor s activity leaks into the analog portion of the chip it is amplified and broadcast as part of t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hellotraincat hey there do you have any questions about windows 10 so far we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update rabbitmq-server opensuse-2017-156' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talossecurity ciscosecurity mobile malware campaign targets users in india through rogue mdm service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.6.3 netfilter privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle java javafx denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln suse opensuse build service cve-2018-12466 security bypass vulnerability suse opensuse build service cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'led_zeppelis hi there check out the article for more info on how to fix chrome if it crashes hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rachelxx22 we d love to help rachel can you ell us which version of windows you re currently working on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast paul s security weekly enterprise security weekly 27 using ubuntu with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla onispetitions 2.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9644 the _get_user_asm_ex macro in arch x86 include asm uaccess.h in the linux kernel 4.4.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7879 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.9 officially released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers selling windows exploits attack tools the shadowbrokers are selling a cache of windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 microsoft s edge browser the latest to disable flash by default next year will see microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd putty integer overflow permits memory overwrite by forwarded ssh-agent connections 9b973e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'older versions of windows 10 get fresh fixes with performance tweaks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google briefly broke droid pay with last week s android update which is why lucky nexus owners have had infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk infosec itsecuritynew' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got a google home or chromecast device on your network new research shows it s possible for web sites to query the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0834-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker apologizes for talktalk and post office ddos attack says it was an accident' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coolkid_60000 sounds like you have a great setup we d love to see it how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nareshdeevi understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsmedave we re glad you are enjoying it dave how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darrenelwood hi darren have a look at the article about reducing chrome memory let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'li0nh3art hi kirsty have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes or freezes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssh 7.x username enumeration packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scholarship alert check out what the linux foundation offers for our open networking summit eu in amsterdam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla com_comprofiler component sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roytanck we re happy to hear everything s working properly now how has the rest of your experience with windows been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 apr ncurses phsa-2017-0053 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timmy_turner100 rock on are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released the windows 7 amp 8.1 kb4343901 amp kb4343898 cumulative updates in the article we will infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cr3dov3r free password reuse attack tool cr3dov3r is an open source tool that helps in finding infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-3189-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec desh universal cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lucissora that s great to hear how have you been enjoying windows otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1979-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all things apple updated today itunes 12.5.5 windows safari 10.0.3 macos 10.12.3 ios 10.2.1 tvos infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle java se 6u131 7u121 8u112 2d unknown vulnerability cve-2017-3253' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 9 10 11 mshtml domimplementation type confusion e 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beescms 4.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaympaul hi jay can you double check if you re logged in to chrome with your account let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities tomcat package multiple lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tivoli storage manager 6.1 6.2 6.3 7.1 sql information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psssantosh11 that s awesome are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers reportedly use punycode to bypass office 365 phishing filters microsoft denies story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was published securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je directory ads 1.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert is warning about a windows smb zero-day windows smb hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows smb zero-day exploit on the loose' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for august 15 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tommybeer kd has donated over 14 million to charitable causes in 2018 alone.lebron s i promise campaign has pledged 41' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap netweaver as java 7.4 myservlet denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt citizenlab amnesty reports that one of their researchers as well as a saudi activist abroad were targeted with nso s pegasus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaggedlines thanks for the feedback you ll find more on post page revisions at we re a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews new google developer jaffathecake discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers that could allow remote attac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities linux kernel multiple local memory infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss bpms cve-2016-6343 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for june 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rmrobinson1988 hey ryne we suggest learning more about windows 10 comprehensive security here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how google s safe browsing helped build a more secure web wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'built-in lazy loading lands in google chrome canary as bleeping computer first reported back in january infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'comicsbytim do you need help with anything tim we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4247-1 ruby-rack-protection security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser amp amp lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high rhsa-2017:0165 openstack-cinder security update problem description an update for openstack-cinder is no' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome to show not secure for http sites and fix for 42 security issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts vulnerability being exploited by attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t google chrome users get used to seeing not secure warnings when visiting http sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google tells world how to crash microsoft internet explorer and edge browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simjennkim is there an error message given what happens if you try using a different web browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aionescu windows 10 19h1 introduces system call entry exit callbacks the ability to consume real-time etw events from kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday travel portal script 9.37 cross site scripting sql injection vulnerabilities 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i got nothing i mean how the fuck is flash still a thing i don t get it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business one cve-2018-2425 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'code42 s data security platform reduces user downtime and costs for windows 10 migrations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensource license compliance issues can have serious consequences learn more from ibrahimatlinux:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brodies llp s own stringent efforts to protect data has great benefits when it comes to advising clients' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component vik rent car 1.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft enterprise human capital management candidate gateway 9.2 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday complain management system sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hkhalil91 hmm can you let us know what version of chrome you re using to check type in chrome: version in the address bar.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability linux kernel cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java deser bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ia attorney general s office recommends credit freeze following unitypoint breach privacy security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast your devices to fix the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pcausa rawether for windows local privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ramboreality okay be sure to let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maravillositoxd oh no we suggest trying out the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know how it goes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt karlremarks schadenfreudeabwesenheitssprachvokabulardefekt the german word for not having a word for schadenfreude in your language.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-site request forgery in global content blocks wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wellmess the go-based malware attacks both linux and windows machines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5221 type confusion in libglesv2 in angle in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia windows gpu display driver kernel mode layer nvlddmkm.sys dxgkddisubmitcommandvirtual buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking locky variant osiris distributed via excel documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raekuul we re glad to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wizardip linuxaria wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wildfireeeeeeee we re glad to hear that how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3777-1 libgd2 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploiting windows using microsoft office dde exploit macroless dde exploit also was known as dynamic infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how whatsapp fights spam without seeing your messages whatsapp turning to end-to-end encryption has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'living_syn malwareunicorn cybertaters it was a bot which retweeted things but changed the word cyber to potato it was a good bot.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cathypouret h2020sme isexpo18 aeorum goodmillsystems insiktintel pixpolar visionbox we at getcltre would b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shengtuo information technology website management system sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4262-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv bypass exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations to webroot s gary hayslip for being a scmediarebootawards2018 winner ghayslip' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0livia2113 thanks for the details just to confirm have you also tried clearing your browser cookies and caches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp network automation rpcservlet java object deserialization rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos windows 10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexstamos kasie some astute contradictions that kasie brought up namely between your written departing state' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3231 jdk jre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update procps suse-su-2018:1836-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbazaluk sounds great let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if for some reason you re still using tkip crypto on your wi-fi ditch it linux android world theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin membership simplified v1.58 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote apache couchdb arbitrary command execution metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin job post confirms windows core os is all about devices hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2992 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earlier have an exploitable heap overflow vulnerability w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharoonask hi there give these steps a try to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings adobe issues patch for actively exploited flash player zero see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets users modify group chats to spread fake news thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a custom user registration form in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338814 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cnnmoney facebook broke the law and faces a maximum fine for the cambridge analytica scandal uk watchdog says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 groovy 2017-cc0e0daf0f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 ghostscript vulnerabilities usn-3148-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonintelgroup anonopsse israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday slimaruser management 1.0 id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10881 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese espionage group temp.periscope targets cambodia ahead of july 2018 elections and reveals broad operations g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'both firefox and 1password announced new haveibeenpwned integration to help users discover if email addresses hav' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arista cloudvision portal bug revealed plus evidence it s been used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t take chances protect yourself online microsoft edge is safer than google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomas_sgg we love having life long users like you what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fareszr music to our ears how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blankjchau that s what we like to hear which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spigot browser hijackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secin_lu without continual growth and progress such words as improvement achievement and success have no meaning. benja' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new struts bug time to patch now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news zero-days sexy sure but crap passwords and phishing are probably more pressing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a curious tale of the priest the broker the hacked newswires and 100m of insider trades us russian infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next home modems open up admin infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14324 the demo feature in oracle glassfish open source edition 5.0 has tcp port 7676 open by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201807-02 passenger multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 111225 with medium severity syn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaizeninfosec chadtilbury dfirsummit excellent congratulations on passing the gcfe and best of luck on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft shares telemetry data collected from windows 10 users with fireeye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sendroid 5.2 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt selenakyle kitty moussouris the browser boss selena kyle amp the disco queen blackhat18 k8em0 laparisa wendynather' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kwhorne2 hi ken we appreciate your candid feedback how has your recent windows experience been otherwise we d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tamannagodara oraclechanginglives watching through otube great to see oracle s leading the change initiatives more proud to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts jakarta multipart parser remote code execution a remote code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orclcitizenship oraclevolunteers in beijing china spend a day with students at zhuguang special school lifeatoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sign up for the upcoming webcast the cloud browser enabling safe and secure osint malware analysis featuring' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as a company we celebrate and support the things that make us and lifeatmcafee unique in celebration of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s vision it to apply ai and machinelearning algorithms to databases our autonomousdatabase is self-driv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat missing check in websocket client lets remote users bypass hostname verification on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 68.0.3440.75 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scrubbenyan how odd let us know if it happens again how has your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'south korea targeted by cyberspies again kim got something to say vulnerabilities in hangul word infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-59 adodb multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking rate your vpn in our current readers choice business choice survey--be it for use at home or from the office--and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symantec news new release symantec advanced threat protection app is now on splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter best hacking tools of 2017 for windows linux and os x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'genesisburnuk understood let s have you try these steps to recover audio in windows 10 did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update sudo opensuse-2016-1381 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress easy table 1.6 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday january 24th 2017 tue jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap enterprise financial services cve-2018-2436 remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2252-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security inoerp 0.6.1 csrf xss sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft testing memberships subscription section in windows 10 store app microsoft has just started infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 scripting engine buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq esa-2017-007 emc documentum eroom unverified password change vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4276-1 php-horde-image security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rethinkdb is dead rethink that thought nosql database is back code gets a lifeline a new home at the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8632 the tipc_msg_build function in net tipc msg.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 does n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mr_apaas hi phil looks like you re staying very productive on the move which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mer_b_19 it looks like your site uses the wordpress installation rather than it s registe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'compasschurchga hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter major security flaw found in whatsapp and telegram' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to easily add a customer reviews page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visioninblue hi emma we appreciate your patience how are things running for you after the update we re here to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybersecboardrm cso spotlight justin somaini sap cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14432 in the federation component of openstack keystone before 11.0.4 12.0.0 and 13.0.0 an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jxxf i love the picture of admiral grace hopper.some photographer is in her office probably for a mandatory photo op' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17728 is now available here s whats new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation documenting and attacking a windows defender application control feature the hard way a case study in security re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla com_fsf component catid parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na dsa-3730 icedove security update multiple security issues have been found in icedove debian s version of t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharing passwords on trello is the latest way organizations have been found to make poor choices in securing data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux foundation certified we want to celebr8 you tell us how cert has helped you for a chance to win a training' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitigating spectre with site isolation in chrome mitigating spectre with site isolation in chrome infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov ruggerotonelli linuxaria infosec hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youtube analytics multi channel 3.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simon_jthompson welcome to the future how is your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krdpravin 4 4you can also refer to the link below for more details on troubleshooting ubuntu related' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15877 the plainview activity monitor plugin 4.7.11 for wordpress is vulnerable to os command' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lolailolei hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office the go-to platform for zero-day exploits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'terciusbufete glad to hear you re getting accustomed to windows 10 let us know if you have any questions we re happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'binance 1.5.0 insecure file permission packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'picmasterclicks your site is built using the wordpress software found on you are hosting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stevebellovin stevecollins indeeone from a former border patrol officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'switch port mapping tool 2.81.2 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2010-5328 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dual dhcp dns server 7.29 on windows buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle gives fcc a great big sloppy kiss you re doing a great job axing net neutrality privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mfilz we glad you like it are you enjoying any other apps or features in windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity youtube has blocked all blender_org videos globally for days which were all free and unmonetized after demandi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-743-1 firefox-esr security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trevordennis hmm interesting have you tried the windows blue screen troubleshooter yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new sql malware targets online shops running on magento' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla community polls 4.5.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooklynnbank hi brooke we re listening have you shared your thoughts with us here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5165 in 32-bit versions of firefox the adobe flash plugin setting for enable adobe flash protected mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crooks utilizing coinhive javascript miner for monero on hundreds of compromised websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voidstation sawaba hackerfantastic nopsec either had i turns out it s not great on busy windows 2000 servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8813 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4218-1 memcached security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu-based extix os updated for intel compute sticks with improved installer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'healthcare firm exposes data on 2m mexicans insecure mongodb installation leads to another data leak infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers talossecurity found 20 iot vulnerabilities in samsung s smartthings hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt safeinternetday what does cyberhygiene cover among others it refers to: creating strong passwords keeping safe from malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s chromecast audio busted bt home routers now it has a fix step one connect the chromecast to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers selling http remote access trojan via weaponized word documents in underground market cyber infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3735-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress pie register plugin amp lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15810 visiology flipbox software suite before 2.7.0 allows directory traversal via 5c 2e 2e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 95 is now available as an app for windows macos and linux hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jfslowik jradcliffe02 and cdameffmd brought attention to how infosec can help those with ptsd or be a cause of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center don t have a dirty cow man android gets kernel hijack patch the regi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb server exposes babysitting app s database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338829 windows 10 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looks like the new mirai worm is causing problems in the uk for talktalk and the post office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 xmlrpc rhsa-2018:1780' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heliumend hello there we d love to see some of the works you ve made on windows how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tataniarosa you re welcome heather feel free to contact us if you have any chrome questions we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexcruz7787 excellent choice thanks for being such a great fan.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux rakos the new linux malware threatening devices and linux iot rakos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans webcastwindows baselining and remote system assessment for the low-low price of free-ninety-freeby' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami httpd24 alas-2018-1062 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 glusterfs rhsa-2018:1954' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mapr unveils data platform update for ai and analytics helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'give your windows10 pc a tune up on cleanoutyourcomputerday get four great tips from microsoftstore:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maldekstra how did you know about chrome so early' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2973 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress rest api bug could be used in stored xss attacks threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'has office depot claimed your pc had a malware infection when it didn t many of us are familiar with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dl_eonaleth that s great as for the music player we re always listening out for new ways to improve windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk and new relic say they re now friends with benefits developer data meets operations data for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp officejet printers bug puts entire network at risk coupled with eternalblue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious word documents using dosfuscation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'data breach are you an android forums user resets your passwords now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you deantak amp venturebeat for interviewing me and for getting the word out on all topics covering whats hap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle outside in vsdx 8.4.0 8.5.1 8.5.2 8.5.3 use-after-free cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3676-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_nasaal what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over one million wordpress sites defaced infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security alert vulnerabilities in adobe flash player apsb17-02' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 uwsgi 2018-04b3af1edf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emilyatlf last day to come by the linuxfoundation boot at usenix lisa16 enter to win a free raspberrypi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a custom field in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2768 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt davidhogg111 don t boo vote today june 5 spread the word retweet text your friends text voteca to 90975 to find you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digipez we re glad you re a fan how has your windows experience been going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and here s a pro tip law firms writing these agreements for data processors check the properties in the word docu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql 5.5.51 remote code exeution vulnerability mysql 5.5.51 remote code exeution vulnerability6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla os services booking 2.5.1 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ryn_writes thailand prime minister told the families of the boys amp their coach that until they come out the officers will ne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update tiff suse-su-2016:3301-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts mozjs52 vulnerabilities usn-3688-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3144-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-8651 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to harden mysql security with a single command' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fantom ransomware windows update disguise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nicolekieser please send us an email to help wordpress.com and we can take a closer look for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toys amp games jumbo disapproval meowchi beige exclusive disapproving stare disapproval meowchi infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itseyaaye hi reya could you tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enabled site isolation in chrome 67 here s why and how it affects users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'googles project zero outs severe vulnerability in microsofts edge browser neal compu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amycatee hi there we d like to know more about your issue are you seeing an error message when you re trying to open chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'williambrown__ we do not provide support via twitter dm if your site is on please submi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'immanuel791 thanks for the info we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirasys dvms workstation 5.12.6 path traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking shadowbrokers nsa windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7559 an issue was discovered in opc ua .net standard stack and sample code before github commit 2018-04-12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache zookeeper x lt 3.4.10 3.5.x lt 3.5.4 missing authentication remote quorum joining vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 moin 2016-a77985b7c7 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt p0sixninja does anyone know who did the badgelife labcoats at defcon the year want to trade some 0dayz in embroidery machines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs predicts 14 security developments for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news p0wnographer finds remote code exec bug in mcafee enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 55 now available loads html5 over flash by default drastically reduces ram usage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psssantosh11 we re happy to hear it s a pleasant experience when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3678-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djahri06 thank you how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc documentum eroom unverified password change packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt da_667 scripting your terminal windows should be something that you should get in the habit of doing whether or not you r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a 300 device can steal mac filevault2 passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new to cybersecurity check out our upcoming events in north america and get the training you need to excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canadian agency breached as hackers exploit cve-2017-5638 flaw in apache struts 2 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dereklansing hi derek we d like to help try restarting your device and reopen chrome let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bad_packets when it first went down the first thing i checked was it hadn t been cryptomining no somebody just broke the code.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle apply out-of-band patch for database flaw asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morisson fjreis balgan nah 7 months waiting period is fine on a more serious note delivery services have a lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm integration bus websphere message broker permission file privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ten flaws found in mcafee virusscan enterprise by researcher' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass cve-2017-0004 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel digging into a windows kernel privilege escalation vulnerability cve-2016-7255' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1809-1 important phpmyadmin an update that fixes two vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insight into home automation reveals vulnerability in simple iot product by douglas mckee mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromebooks may soon dual boot between chrome os and windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko statistics on sql injection vulnerabilities found from the php code of questions posted on on stack overflow:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to piotrmross varnishsoftware redhatdach devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'myth people who work for cia are spies amp agents.fact us citizens who work for cia are officers not agents or s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux arm bindshell tcp 1234 shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons securelyfitz well it s rf interference 60hz that looks just like usb and s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-2997 buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the anlaysis of ehr software market report with focus on android apple os windows phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox fixes critical buffer overflow version 60.0.2 of the resurgent firefox browser fixes a critical infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shannon_healy1 to clarify which version of windows are you using are you completely up to date with that version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7295 the common log file system clfs driver in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos google chrome layout out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 ruby1.9.1 ruby2.0 ruby2.3 vulnerabilities usn-3685-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft december patch release has fix for windows 10 internet connection problems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla community quiz 4.3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debrololi hello when did you first notice the issue we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 bind elsa-2017-0276 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4232-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware patches rce flaw for airwatch agent for android airwatch agent for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt demonslay335 spotted a submission to id ransomware for aurora using another email and btc address but most disappointingly it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10881 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2018-10881 local denial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new release tor browser 7.5.6 updates firefox to 52.9.0esr and includes newer versions of noscript and https ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6 apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internetburo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet dell shows off new windows 10 2-in-1 inspiron pcs and premium chromebook at ifa by nickjheath' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'half of audited javascript projects contained a vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3742-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows pdf library file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9313 security keys big_key.c in the linux kernel security keys big_key.c in the linux kernel be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clone script directory script 1.1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'invisimole spyware has been spotted in campaigns targeting windows pcs in russia and the ukraine said eset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-raspi2 vulnerability usn-3151-4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fix bugs in older windows 10 versions with these new updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eff with your passwords in shape add an extra layer of security to your account with two-factor authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip elevate your snips to another dimension with the new edit in paint 3d button start here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bastiantank thank you sebastian are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review whatsapp flaw lip motion passwords reinventing software patching' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maddow all from the associated press story that broke while i was on the air tonight but which i was unable to read on t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-9644 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i wrote about linux kernel networking vulnerable to denial of service aka cve-2018 5390 details on real world exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shlbywhthse hi shelby we love your excitement how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt awscloud deploy mcafee epolicy orchestrator mcafee epo automatically on aws in less than an hour for enhanced detection amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ok and one more major issue the researchers then apply lessons learned saying that scada should adopt pci like sta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a wordpress compromise not-so-smart padlock podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap enterprise financial services cve-2018-2436 remote authorization bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov itrcsd stopmalvertisin wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 zsh python3 xerces mercurial pmd pycrypto net python2 util mysql p nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0060 local information disclosure vulnerability type vulnerability.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt snort we have quite the army assembled in maryland while many of our researchers are out in las vegas for black hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singletary hello michael we wanted to clarify you d prefer the browser to open without going full-screen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rana9634 alright let s have you try these steps to fix network connections in windows 10 let us know how it goes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel vulnerability original release date august 06 2018 nccic is aware of a linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for july 2018 exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer discovered in andy android emulator for windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canada s random immigration lottery uses microsoft excel which isn t actually random' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'veggielista try a search for sign on confirmation email in any account changing the password will lose the old encrypted data rm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skystargaze thanks for confirming let s try clearing browsing data amp then restarting the device any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windows 10 mail app update lets you draw your emails microsoft has just started rolling out a new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 10 linux distro for ethical hacking and penetration testing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3326 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas does your cloud provider really understand enterprise applications learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevinusa65 we re glad you like it how have you been enjoying the rest of windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2097' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter business directory script admin edit_review.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'election protection aims to secure candidates running for office darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansemea don t miss out on the latest windows forensics poster always free to the community don' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libvirt vulnerability and update usn-3680-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abt1993 hi amy have you tried uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morgankakashi what a great throwback what do you primarily use your windows device for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday red hat jboss eap deserialization of untrusted data vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt epakskape some interesting wpad hardening changes started showing up in windows 10 build 17692 fast ring thanks to metr0 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft office 2010 word viewer execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup puppet master and agent on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polishedcouture that s no good to help make gutenberg better please report the to our friends in the wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7892 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truehoax we like your style how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cmarkup::reload in compat view use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mythemeshopteam wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews biometric technology is not a cure-all for password woes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'susymin hi there tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft invests in quantum computing division with key appointments nicole henderson microsoft is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat jboss eap 5.2.x untrusted data deserialization packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome users on windows mac being targeted by font wasn t found malware report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linuxnation that is personal preference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt felixrieseberg i put windows 95 into an electron app that now runs on macos windows and linux it s a terrible idea that works s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt qafzeh homo sapiens developed a new ecological niche that separated it from other hominins via physorg_com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft edge prepares to block flash content by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deep analysis of the online banking botnet trickbot one month ago we captured a word document infected infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a wordpress multi-site how to create one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'support scams now reign in spain if you thought that the problem of tech support scams was disappearing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberneticist drhorrible yeah i didn t want to pay for the forum license so broke it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sentinelone pfirstbrook cc two06' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemobile case study machine learning boosts call center satisfaction to awesome ai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'balanionut very cool make sure to keep an eye on the windows blog for all the latest news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nomanssky if you make games it s for moments like the discord reacting to our trailer contains a swear word or two' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli firm radiflow raises 18 million to grow industrial cybersecurity business scada ics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd what a difference five years makes in 2013 marielpdeleon was part of oracle s very first classof fresh out of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guhan007 googlechrome yes i think the emphasis of the new chrome release on the secure label will lead more pe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6557 the motd update script in the base-files package in ubuntu 18.04 lts before 10.1ubuntu2.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel reverse engineer routers reading serial flash roms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'piano_tuning thanks for doing that we appreciate hearing our users suggestions to improve windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extracting shellcode from javascript thu nov 24th i updated my base64dump.py program to help with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iwaheedin understood we suggest trying these steps to improve network connection in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 ncurses euleros-sa-2018-1225 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 procps ovmsa-2018-0226' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache openoffice prior 4.1.3 search path handler privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity atlanta attorney s office cybercrime unit will take an aggressive approach forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update sudo opensuse-2016-1381' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password safe is a keepass-compatible password manager for linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber security today another cryptomining attack update your flash more routers at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amberbaldet hugs you ve earned the recognition for your work your vision amp your technical mastery of your field' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux upgrade it hacking mcafee linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3143-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siteisolation will keep your most sensitive data safe from spectre attacks but it will also mean googlechrome n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2172-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'khr_tweets how odd let s have you try these steps to fix network connection in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln splunk enterprise cve-2016-10126 information disclosure vulnerability id:95412class:input val' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking 12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacking u.s. democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability jre windows production relea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce php-adodb sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we ve got a new tor browser alpha and we need your help to test it tor browser 8.0a9 has a lot of new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-180 trend micro control manager cgicmuidispatcher manualdownloadresult sql injection remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7869 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grr 3.2.3.2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer and now quickheal has a broken captcha on the report false positive form so i can t even submit it there ridiculo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploring the next frontier in computing see our vision for the future of ai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 chromium 2016-a815b7bf5d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'natalieowen14x ok then can you post the issue in the chrome google forums for more help appreciate it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'terdot zloader zbot combo abuses certificate app to pull off mitm browser attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm bigfix platform 9.x lt 9.1.9.1301 9.2.9.36 9.5.4.38 bes root server and relay dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft windows 8.1 x64 rgnobj integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7872 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to siddarthathota artem_i_baranov wppluginsify security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is pretty cool write up of iqy excel file issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mohamad_sani the is a great article on how to get started with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt audreycamp americans in norway i m running for chair of our demsabroad chapter today is the deadline to reg amp get a ballot https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libtiff 2018-9e0a37e7a2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ironkey d300 hardware-encrypted usb flash drive when it comes to portable and durable data security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extracting shellcode from javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor allows hackers to intercept and read your encrypted messages most people believe that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off optinmonster get more email subscribers use coupon bf2016 wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 tar vulnerability usn-3132-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rocketvector97 we re grateful have loyal users like you what has been you favorite change or added feature to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver qemu ioport array overflow guest-to-host privilege escalation ctx219136' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5390 vulnerability in linux kernel allows for dos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chefshamsher1 hello there can you share more details about the issues you re seeing with windows defender perha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts elfutils vulnerabilities usn-3670-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office game boy 16oz heat change molded mug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada us-cert reminds users that windows smb v1 needs to die' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress lt 4.9.6 authenticated arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webassembly changes could ruin meltdown and spectre browser patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 exempi vulnerabilities usn-3668-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cactustorch can execute custom shell code on windows systems learn more about the fileless threat and its rapid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.8.13 launches with arm64 and amdgpu improvements kvm fixes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress up to 4.7.2 taxonomy term name wp-admin js tags-box.js cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'should you choose a new domain extension for your website askwpb wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 git cesa-2018:1957 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9313 security keys big_key.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 mishandles unsuccessful crypto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacking nosql applications tue dec 6th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trav15ty we re not cortana but she s pretty great which windows apps have you explored so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skoop welcome to team windows which apps and features are standing out to you the most as you settle in we d l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warns of new linux kernel vulnerability patches now available to prevent dos attack on linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saifi2k thanks for being a loyal user what have been some of your favorite features in windows throughout the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quentynblog thecybersecexp dcuthbert office365 is amazing so much phishing comes out from it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 3.4 expat ovmsa-2016-0168' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday december 5th 2016 sun dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt clarajeffery if you haven t followed queen elizabeth s broach shade enjoy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts nasm vulnerabilities usn-3694-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter backdoor found in whatsapp could expose encrypted messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode windows x64 createremotethread dll injection shellcode 584 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial vulnerabilities usn-3146-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tell us in a paragraph a sentence or a word what you think a cybersecurityand privacy certification should look' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhrmn we re thrilled to hear that you ve been enjoying it do you have any other favorite windows 10 features robert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter busewe 1.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qihu_official 360coresec 360netlab adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero day pops up on twitter news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla aweb cart watching system for virtuemart 2.6.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_carocci component isbn parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office vulnerabilities chained to deliver backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers recordedfuture first uncovered the campaign after identifying a novel linux backdoor called ext4 de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uae s rakia to appeal case brought by farhad azima over alleged hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb16-32 adobe flash player security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server 2012 r2 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swwwolf new article some facts about malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism by securelist' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps codecanyon clone script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glibc rhsa-2018:1879' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2016-1416' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee claims enemies tried to kill him by spiking something he ingested vows revenge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tokenvator a tool to elevate privilege using windows tokens article and sources' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7262 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 excel 2010 sp2 excel 2013 sp1 excel 2013 rt sp1 excel 2016 office comp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee epolicy orchestrator agent remote log detection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weight watchers it infrastructure exposed via no-password kubernetes server breach vulnerability privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat s disclosure process last week a vulnerability cve-2018-10892 that affected cri-o buildah infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecx our handle names oraclesocial and oraclecx swapped today follow us here for the same updates insights and new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news the linux foundation announces session lineup for vault linux storage amp filesystems conference:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps prestashop lt 1.6.1.19 blowfish ecd privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fpietrosanti ita possibile violazione net neutrality di tim tim intercepting windows updates download requests cc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap erp defence forces and public security remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akhomiuk that s fantastic andrii which other features in windows 10 are helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officialshiliz we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft com for windows improper serialized object handling packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emptywheel that trump took out language saying anyone involved in the meddling should be brought to justice is as appalling as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3158-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle apply out-of-band patch for database flaw asap darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day bug actively being used against firefox tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'submit a proposal to speak at ons 2017 and share your open networking vision the deadline is jan 21:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2388-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'johnhultquist there s also the logo in the outside wall of our office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'waecnigeria where is your office in owerri please' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt njdtone our rey on valentine s day oracle netsuite nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monkeyface133 thanks for the info have you tried clearing your browsing data and restart google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft offers extended support for windows sql 2008 but with a catch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6214 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8019 when using an ocsp responder apache tomcat native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 did not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sjijy can you try reinstalling the chrome after removing the leftover files if the issue persists you can report it to us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivpn client for windows 2.6.6120.33863 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-6786 kernel events core.c in the performance subsystem in the linux kernel before 4.0 misman' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davision you re welcome reach out if you have any questions in the future.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broker accused of netting 5m on inside info about lattice semiconductor theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2175-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash avc processing out of bounds read exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko hitting shift f10 during windows upgrade is enough to elevate the user to system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge browser installed windows nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all the cool kids are doing it bt hikes broadband and tv bills move unjustified says analyst bt is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joltsik impressed with new mvision announcements from mcafee focus on saas offerings to lower cost and streamline operat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp s encryption backdoor what s the real story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frankmcg thank you for the kind words i love having these discussions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5007 blink in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for linux windows and mac and 56.0.2924.87 for androi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ryanleesipes great deal from linuxfoundation for those looking to expand skills amp open doors in their career' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-175 adobe flash textformat gettextextent use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sea level rise already causing billions in home value to disappear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.11 cgroup hang denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'decollavit we completely understand we recommend trying the windows update troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-179 adobe flash movieclip transform use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel arch x86 kvm vmx.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 hyperlink object library information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sarahwhitehfx wow that s an impressive amount of time thanks for being a loyal user are you using windows to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1479-1 twitter-bootstrap3 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud catch a replay of markvhurd s cloudworld nyc keynote on our on-demand video page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'naveen_npk how s your experience with windows 10 going so far naveen let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thecyberwire cwpodcast podcast partner johannes ullrich of sans_edu amp sans_isc discusses lingering legacy passwords in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog lol bitfi and john mcafee win lamest vendor response' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mummytologanxx that is odd can you try a different browser and let us know if you see the same issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft windows cve-2018 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a revision in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgeneratedcontent::hasgeneratedsvgmarker type confusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday mc buy and sell cars script 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desktop got zero chill give your wallpaper an arctic attitude adjustment with the frigid windows10 theme:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deprecated disabled plugins in scan policy notice nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new nhs app puts patients in control of their own healthcare lt hmmm oh and hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity news in brief us might require social media passwords bbm opens to developers uber rapped infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter movie portal script 7.36 movie.php f sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd remote-code-execution vulnerability in mysql and its variants cve 2016-6662 dc596a17-7a9e-11 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt forensico doj u.s attorney s office southern district of california bitcoin dealer indicted on money laundering charg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter tour package booking 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6677 directory traversal vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web gateway mwg mw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will your employees passwords awaken the sleeping dragon of email security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jessfortunato hmm we recommend reaching out to the chromebook help forum for more insights on the:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we think so too are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix lquerypv advisory suid_advisory.asc ij00951 iv99548 iv99550 iv99551 iv99552 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rplusw hi richard are you still unable to activate windows today we re here to lend a hand.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw discovered securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 2016 was another huge year for adobe flash attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review office 365 phishing compromising networks with malicious faxes here s an overview of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana vulnerability allows hackers to browse with your locked computer a new privilege infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5995 the pcpu_embed_first_chunk function in mm percpu.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 allows local u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1811-1 moderate go1.9 an update that fixes one vulnerability is now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got questions about plugins we have answers it cybersecurity nessus tenableio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce wordpress party hall booking manager sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter virtuozzo 6 parallels-server-bm-release vzkernel etc vza-2018-041 nessus plugin id 110694 wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eyerishyt that s music to our ears what do you primarily use your windows device for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop us if you ve heard the one adobe flash gets emergency patch for zero-day exploit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1439-1 resiprocate security update nessus plugin id 111311 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12636 the ithemes security better-wp-security plugin before 7.0.3 for wordpress allows sql injection by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hackers that hit mongodb installs now switch on exposed elasticsearch clusters infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases july 2018 security bulletin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update microcode_ctl suse-su-2018:2076-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlanta attorney s office gets cybercrime unit darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ripe hd flv player plugin for wordpress multiple script direct request path disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat s disclosure process' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ksatirli the is cool kyvork20 and oracle just released a tool at velocityconf the internet intelligence map' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sbruer gotcha thanks for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 os denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability adobe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords a long goodbye cso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evancjensen thanks for doing that evan the feedback you provide allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the wordpress megahack that wasn t nakedsecurity security hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update bash suse-su-2016:2872-1 shellshock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'appeals court upholds microsoft victory in overseas data case dissenting judges seek revision of earlier infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update ipa on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'umpquachemprof ah good to hear we appreciate your understanding how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs there have been a number of medical devices that have been examined for security concerns do you think cybercrimin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana vulnerability allows hackers to browse with your locked computer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla spider catalog lite 1.8.10 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maisiescobie on your account you should be able to log in with the reset link we sent you please clear your browser cache and cookies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4227-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues topic microsoft windows 10 scrru' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15594 arch x86 kernel paravirt.c in the linux kernel before 4.18.1 mishandles certain indirect calls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pankisseskafka academics or anyone who has a long writing project here is some gratis coaching the ideal default pace is 5-5-5:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'babaho that s amazing we re glad you re enjoying so many features how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5995 the pcpu_embed_first_chunk function in mm percpu.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 allows local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6519 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libxrender opensuse-2016-1421' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-1328 linux_kernel ubuntu_linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k8em0 notallbros' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome users targeted by websites forcing them to install extension to leave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hs-110 smart plug account takeover insecure design packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10898 a vulnerability was found in openstack-tripleo-heat-templates before version 8.0.2-40 when deployed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt microsoft365 . conwaymoto took the stage at msinspire today to share microsoft s vision for security and compliance.learn mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker advances container platform for the multi-cloud world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new smashing security podcast no my voice is not my password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to reddeskvirtual dinosn infosec wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory slackware 14.2 kernel updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd zziplib multiple vulnerabilities 7764b219-8148-11e8-aa4d-000e0cd7b374 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln redhat ceph cve-2016-9579 remote denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2090' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome os files app redesigned to support viewing android and linux files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gabrielmariya happy to meet dgcnect amp dgdigit trainees they shared their experiences and vision about our daily work the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to scble pressidium gn3mes1s wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:java-1.8.0-openjdk-aarch32 2018-579ff80ed8 nessus plugin id 110400 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jhgporter1 understood could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking eight vulnerabilities patched in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center android security bulletin december 2016 what you need to know techrepublic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3740-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use the titan password manager on a ubuntu server 16.04 installation techrepublic s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2016-7890 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hypnogogix brownteaming defconscavhunt coming for them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a theme editor in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1944:01 moderate kernel-rt security update an update for kernel-rt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network old linux kernel code execution bug patched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3272 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle webcenter portal multiple vulnerabilities april 2018 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited keep your wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imvalarie you re welcome you can also reset chrome settings to default if the issue persists:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 zsh python3 xerces mercurial pmd pycrypto net python2 util mysql paramiko bin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s fedramp-authorized cloud solutions redefine how federal agencies can modernize innovate and compete in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update libvirt on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review office 365 phishing compromising networks with malicious faxes helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2017:0206' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sage xrt treasury cve-2017-3183 sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg tip use cache to load cached website copies in most browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle fusion middleware multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data deny service and gai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-9777 kvm in the linux kernel before 4.8.12 when i o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 chromium 2018-09b59b0227 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thestandupdiary are you referring to i can visit the site without issue and it s a self-hosted wordpess org' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt whatisdotcom word of the day malvertisement infoec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress mac photo gallery 3.0 plugin arbitrary file download vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'francoisdigitel music to our ears do any new features in windows 10 help you stay productive we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kookie_v_crumbl hmm okay we suggest trying the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tob1leron excellent brief controlling chaos how russia manages its political war in europe markgaleotti for european counc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inteno s iopsys local privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog i wrote about linux kernel networking vulnerable to denial of service aka cve-2018 5390 details on real world exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hackers reportedly use punycode to bypass office 365 phishing filters infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gdk-pixbuf suse-su-2018:1950-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2017:0254 spice security update problem description an update for spice is now available for red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2062-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q3 oracle cpu preview fewer java se patches may not mean fewer flaws the july 2018 quarterly oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2253' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory openssh updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now uses native windows 10 notifications hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewwarren16 hi matthew could you try installing google chrome by downloading it from here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create custom archives page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kitploit owasp security shepherd web and mobile application security training platform ctf linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _c4c . automattic wordpress amp wordpressdotcom has a clear message to saveyourinternet for bloggers we re against' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pagekit 1.0.10 password reset packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pikaisherereal thanks for your endless support are you currently using windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity huge online crime network broken up forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'french company fined 250 000 euros for a data leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hpe officeconnect 1810 series switch has unspecified flaw that lets local users obtain potentially sen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash player 24.0.0.186 actiongeturl2 out-of-bounds memory corruption exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'embedded hp web server detected nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle quarterly critical patches issued july 17 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stopmalvertisin mcafee cactustorch fileless threat abuses .net to infect victims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dramanetwork sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:1965 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suricata up to 2.0.5 http request memcmplowercase privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2879-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ps1dr3x that depends on the distro you re using in the case debian stable will always use the esr build of firef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking sqlmap v1.1 automatic sql injection and database takeover tool' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looking to reduce costs binary defense vision 4.0 edr with epp built-in just arrived a lightweight agent offer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android iomxnodeinstance::enablenativebuffers unchecked index packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracletennis 33 32 31 just 30 days until the oraclechallngrs chicago at xstennisvillage join us for the free event sept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 68.0.3440.75 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent content overall but here is an example of wdsecurity confusing customers by conflating its own windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'penq the security testing browser bundle rootsector infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bt options sql injection vulnerabilites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress rest api bug could be used in stored xss attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser autofill systems are your new security nightmare' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coalition of cryptographers researchers urge guardian to retract whatsapp story a coalition of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sheshells530 we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perry7100 excellent as a student how important is portability to you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1550-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the secret s out reports of the privacy of private browsing have been greatly exaggerated sure surfing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7868 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter why windows 10 users have better anti-virus protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba4 rhsa-2017:0744' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat developer discovers simpler way to crack wpa2 wireless passwords while looking for ways to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 52.0.2743.116 iframe remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 glibc alas-2018-1048 nessus plugin id 111335 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-176 adobe flash sound loadsound use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps splunk 6.1.1 referer header cross-site scripting exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hannahselector you can receive the fixes for those flaws when you let your browser update automatically if you wa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geoffgates if you re trying to access a site hosted with us can you get in touch at passwordhelp wordpress.com or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws fixed in sap s police and military software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce joomla com_rpl sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 29.0.0.171 apsb18-19 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 botan2 2018-98ab6b4e56 nessus plugin id 111016 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wyden urges government agencies to ditch flash nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kernowchris we re happy to hear it christopher are you enjoying any specific features in windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libvorbis suse-su-2018:1565-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server attacks spike after vulnerability poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. gregkh shares shares takeaways from the 2016 linux kernel development report amp lessons learned:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eirepreneur we re glad you re enjoying windows hello have any other new features caught your eye in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0076 remote denial of service vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla gps tools 4.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9191 the cgroup offline implementation in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 mishandles certain drain operat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oldestwoman hi there just checking in is google chrome working fine keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google chrome 56 is tagging websites as not secure is it misleading infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security whatsapp to offer encrypted video calling infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ruggerotonelli linux nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '33weelo glad you re enjoying the speed windows 10 has to offer have you had a chance to look into paint 3d yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh server installed nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter azure customer saves microsoft from a rhel disaster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 kernel alas-2018-1046' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mathiasydeyt thanks for the info just to confirm are you using google chrome on a work or school device also c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'csp bypass with polyglot images finding sql injection via stack overflow mirai update podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201806-02 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timkeegstra contact us at help wordpress.com if you are interested in refund you can also issue a refund' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 lxc vulnerability usn-3136-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebook windows powershell scripting tutorial helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collins-smee leaving gsa one of the primary architects of gsa s centers of excellence program will infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'certpa certeu office loader leverages malicious macros to deliver multiple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk credit broker fined 120k for spamming folk with five million texts consent wording not enough to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stfn42 in my first job in 1999 we needed to organise a penetration test but every time i said the words people bu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2245-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'payload is almost identical to one the fbi used in 2013' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'besides labelling all http sites as not secure here is what new in google chrome 68 for developers add to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 cdoc::execute script uri use-after-free ms13-009 expl 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google bans adnauseam browser extension the ad blocker that clicks on all ads from chrome here s why:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-735-1 gst-plugins-base0.10 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user impersonation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonathanroot hi jonathan could you check if you re able to edit remove your saved passwords on keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i first came across the method being used by scriptkiddie .net malware in 2008 10 years later it is now apparentl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chuonvutha here are the links support with ubuntu is limit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how do the linux kernel memory protection features on android work infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sqlite cve-2016-6153 insecure temporary file creation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday january 19th 2017 wed jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google developer discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers google researcher has discovered a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virus scan for linux allows for remote code execution as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter resane bartar cms sql injection cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284846 windows server 2012 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110488 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 adds some rust to linux serverwatch on the desktop a key under-the-hood innovation that finally m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap netweaver application server java portal app component cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'payneardo hi david how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thezdi in his latest blog abdhariri details multiple bugs in oracle virtualbox exposed through 3d acceleration and the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'francispeaks we re glad you re enjoying fluent design francis how have you been enjoying the rest of windows overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new macos ransomware spotted in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security wordpress kept users and hackers in the dark while secretly fixing critical zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gsa gets new head of services office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new marap malware targeting financial institutions via microsoft office and pdf documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons really now when was the last time you analyzed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat enterprise virtualization 4.0 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-2950 sql injection vulnerability in ibm bigfix remote control before 9.1.3 allows remote aut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dcms feels like the was as well thought out as hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla removed 23 firefox add-ons for logging browser history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pushing innovation beyond buzzwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome original release date december 01 2016 google has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'possible interception of whatsapp s encrypted messages rakes up controversy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 coreutils rhsa-2017:0654' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle run don t walk to patch the critical database takeover bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2017-0016 memory corruption vulnerability microsoft windows cve-2017-0016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt moriarty_meng omg look what i got - simply add a registry entry value uac free on windows 10 1803 then we can make our vbsc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiredteachertn helpful browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now uses native windows 10 notifications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chrispcritters flaw in google home and chromecast devices reveals user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last year a trivial information leak was reported in windows10 while the technique no longer works on most bui' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastpass fixes serious security flaw in chrome firefox extensions darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor virtual network tunneling tool 0.2.8.11 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update samba opensuse-2018-649 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wondergamer101 thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress jibu pro 1.7 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash avc processing out of bounds read adobe flash suffers from an out-of-bounds read vulnerability during' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8816 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackazachdfs hi there the is due to the change in previous version of chrome check the link for more info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs . oracle thomas kurian kicks off oraclecode in sf video' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338823 windows 7 and windows server 2008 r2 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hoho stormy daniels will reportedly appear on celebrity big brother' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent excellent advice for everyone who tries to present at conferences rejection is normal here s how to use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a mitm extension for chrome or how brazilian cybercriminals steal bank accounts using malicious extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liam2d2 we suggest checking to see if there are any more updates in windows 10 by following these steps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3439 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5184 pdfium in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for windows mac and linux 54.0.2840.85' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'technology truly designed for the classroom the new hp probook x360 11 education edition powered by windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ransomware update how to break encryption android mail apps leak passwords podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'motherstep hi there have a look at the article for more info on how to fix chrome crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news wordpress 4.7.1 released patches eight vulnerabilities and 62 bugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2425 under certain conditions sap business one 9.2 9.3 for sap hana backup service allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player security flaws used in most exploit kits security research shows softpedia infosec flashmustdie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'latest adobe acrobat reader update silently installs chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle learn how to outsmart network volatility with kyork20 at sxsw only a few days left to vote for his session.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 kernel alas-2018-1044 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joytonandi hi toni we re glad they ve been useful how have you been enjoying windows otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2016-0785 remote code execution vulnerability apache struts cve-2016-0785 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july patch tuesday adobe update covers more than 100 vulnerabilities l flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsapocalypse hi there thank you for your patience how s everything running after the update we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief telegram crack fake superuser passwords leaked election systems critical infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t wait for answers see them instantly try the faster safer browser amp get answers right in your address bar.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla onismusic 2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to splunkuk easyblogs ruggerotonelli devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 xmlrpc3 elsa-2018-1779' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 under attack now the isbuzz post the post apache struts 2 under attack now infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryancerbus thanks for the info chrome uses the device s inbuilt spell checker for mac os can you check the device s language settings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i2p 0.9.28 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1955:01 important glusterfs security update an update for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2256 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zymla hbou i believe you could also run windows 3.1 on top of dr dos though.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln web client cve-2017-5151 unspecified sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress yop poll plugin cve-2017-2127 unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows speech recognition 4.0.4.2512 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internetburo sql injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'someone say biscuits the office assistant s interest picks up on words other than the gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic servers attacked following publication of poc code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 2.6.x pipe.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases important security updates to patch vulnerabilities in tomcat server versions 7.0.x 8.0.x 8.5.x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singapore science agency to share cyber security vision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami ant alas-2018-1047 nessus plugin id 111338 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ip6gre_err invalid reads' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobeflashplayer has another critical zero-day vulnerability the second the year here s what you need to kn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1437-1 slurm-llnl security update nessus plugin id 111222 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the guy who played big brother in apple s iconic 1984 super bowl advert is also the voice of grandpa in peppa pig.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'etguenni no doesn t need admin win10 64 bit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java python bugs allow attackers to circumvent firewalls the unpatched vulnerabilities can be exploited infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10878 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-of-bounds writ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new deal password boss premium version lifetime subscription 86 off' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin multiple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sicksalamander excellent what are your thoughts on the hp pavilion x360' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gosh i m so surprised the bitfi wallet and john mcafee thing is a bottomless pit of nonsense.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.3.5 crypto algif_hash.c hash_accept denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-795-1 tiff security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'userpro plugin for wordpress up_auto_log parameter remote authentication bypass nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday witycms 0.6.2 cross-site request forgery password change vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'koken 0.22.7 0.22.11 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium cve-2016-7264 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 office compatibility' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gigabarb oracle s internet intelligence could help a planetary task force via forbes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclefreerides morning awsreinvent attendees our teslas will be out today from 11:30am until midnight so schedule your ride no' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'midhunsview that s amazing make sure to check out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'british film institute to digitize 100 000 old tv shows before they disappear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mtarallo we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2016-0172' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle earnings fall co-ceo catz to join trump transition advisory team wsjd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android security issues password-stealing malware anubis sneaks into google play store through bogus apps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop using adobeflash senator ronwyden tells dhsgov usnistgov and nsagov by mt_heller' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dsijbesma debian 9.5 released with security fixes updated intel microcode for spectre v2 via phoronix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.7 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehackersnews nmerrigan 0xdude number of mongodb ransom attacks peaked 27 000 in a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'betruenicole help is available for the wordpress installation via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with easier access to your phone microsoft has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:2395 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'possible tor browser de-cloak zero day dropped patch in works theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple attackers hijacking mongodb databases for ransom the recently reported hijacking of mongodb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrew_edo we re lucky in that department she s an excellent sleeper.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec apache qpid broker for java 6.1.0 information leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps pagekit 1.0.10 password reset exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to yo9fah malwarejake mythemeclub wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-site request forgery in wordpress download manager plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tchucodinelli we re happy to hear it have any other features caught your eye in windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nhs hospitals putting data at risk with outdated windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'felstable hey adam we re glad your enjoying windows spotlight images which other windows 10 features have caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewcrown that s one of our favorites too are you enjoying any other windows 10 spotlight images' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'furkanbersisdev we recommend checking out the windows blogstip archive to learn more about windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdansaribhai we thought so too how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'designosophy thanks for the info gmail fully supports on chrome v53 amp above as it has important security updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9450 the user password reset form in drupal 8.x before 8.2.3 allows remote attackers to conduct cache poi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-186 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet specialspywarepolicyresult sql injection remote code zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secespresso still confused about how public key cryptography works here s an excellent primer on rsa amp ecdsa to get your game' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 7.1.x lt 7.1.20 exif_thumbnail_extract dos nessus plugin id 111231 with medium severity synopsis the version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple itunes lt 12.7.5 multiple vulnerabilities uncredentialed check nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver qemu display geometry resize handling guest-to-host code execution ctx221578 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our thanks again to suse for being a diamond sponsor the week of linuxcon containercon cloudopen china' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4 cross-site-scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'espn cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dashbuilder project dashbuilder execute code sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday june 20th 2018 tue jun 19th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libopenmpt opensuse-2018-742 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq security dsa 3787-1 tomcat7 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote code execution rce attacks on apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spigot browser hijackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-01 gnu wget cookie injection nessus plugin id 110522 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bennetwork25 we d love to hear your impressions when you do how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-148 security update for microsoft office 3204068' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dannolan metlstorm trailofbits boblord the topic is how they re working on open source software for clients the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2244-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal topic oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ihackstuff the last of the tickets for the packet hacking village courses including kalilinux dojo are on sale now. should' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my art dealer mate is selling the giant bronze eagle sculpture suits ex-nsa types with lots of cyber money can d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for tuesday november 29th 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-day exploits could wreak havoc on linux desktops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-109 adobe flash player messagechannel type confusion remote code execution vulnerability the vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spininfinite that s great rj which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yup it s difficult to modify browsers so that they are less vulnerable to fingerprinting but we do it in tor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt traciwilson dust storm swallows the las vegas strip saturday night video from 8newsnow vegasweather' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oecms 3.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities 2dde5a56-6ab1-11e8-b639-6451062f0f7a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6670 external entity attack vulnerability in the epo extension in mcafee common ui cui 2.0.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove docker images containers and volumes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 95 is now an app you can download and install on macos windows and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln dotcms stname parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium rhsa-2017:0263 java-1.8.0-ibm security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'styledsnapshots browser cookies and also make sure you have third party cookies enabled what is your site s address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alokranjann hi alok have a look at the guide about reducing chrome memory let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt patrickgtraynor ever plug your phone into an arbitrary charger around the office or at an airport our usesec18 paper shows that w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2988 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no backdoor but whatsapp can snoop encrypted conversations encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast risky business 447 struts bug owns everyone rand 0day report and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smartphone phishing campaign via whatsapp offers sport shoes as prize infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coinminers for windows with anti-anti-malware live chat leaks podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yahoo breach i ve closed my account because it uses md5 to hash my password the morning i received an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3169-3 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artificialintelligence tools aid at a moment s notice via oracle s ricadela1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snappy vs flatpak unified linux packaging systems serverwatch mark shuttleworth founder of ubuntu linux t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ka_berger ok send a note to help wordpress.com.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkhydrus didn t just use phishery to create two malicious word documents it also used it to host the c amp c server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why your online passwords aren t fooling anybody' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps envato clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle helps organizations manage international trade more efficiently discover here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ripleywopr how odd we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removed 145 malicious apps from google play store that carries windows malware google removed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3924 an exploitable use-after-free vulnerability exists in the javascript engine of foxit software s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloud is going to college shawneestate chooses oracle to better serve their students amp staff via campus_tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirage fancy clone sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mauk006 thank you for your kind words how is your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'making the cloud a safe space the cloud has brought about many benefits for organisations and adoption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache security update that covers multiple vulnerabilities with tomcat native' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox 0-day sql slammer goolian malware bypassing saml podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rs3polleena we re glad to hear it how is your overall windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to sonlard seclabor bhaveshtrivedi wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does anyone have experience with really bad anxiety symptoms right after waking up that disappear after 30-60 minu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking google discloses unpatched windows gdi vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehosp with oraclehosp s simphony cloud pos indianwellstennisgarden is serving up game-time concessions fast so fans c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:2003 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dr_piou googlechrome hi i suggest you make a bug report from the site best regard cv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap erp defence forces and public security remote authorization bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diaz the consortia like the linux foundation have responsibility for nurturing an environment for innovation and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an admin area in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap security notes august 2018 watch out for sql injection securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 thunderbird-enigmail 2018-1f651350de nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clothing legend of zelda link embrodiered unisex hoodie steppin out of kokiri the hoodie is not infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown b2b marketing tips to increase sales qualified leads' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ncsc is there a cybersecurity word that has you scratching your head check out our glossary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'databroker exactis databreach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4222-1 gnupg2 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft breaks network connectivity for windows 8 amp 10 users microsoft breaks network connectivity for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'changes in webassembly could render meltdown and spectre browser patches useless infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best wordpress poll plugins compared 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'black hat 2018 voice authentication is broken researchers say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5569 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3103 outside_in_technology vulnerability in the oracle outside in technology component of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2051-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel fs pipe.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14613 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid point' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 qpid-java 2017-7b181f9c98 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to malwareremoval ashnikbiz websmyth wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'htotheizzoh hi there we d like to look into the what happens when you try playing videos in chrome do you see' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3690-1 amd microcode update the system could be made to expose sensitive infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker the article will help you to remove absol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chasemiranda199 yay what do you think of windows 10 so far chase we can t wait to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4255-1 ant security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 68 is scheduled to be released tomorrow and will include changes to how the browser treats http sites use l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-724-1 mcabber security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'valve may soon release a native 64-bit version of its steam for linux client' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter exponentcms input validation flaw in showcomments function lets remote authenticated users inject sql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos vs ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'litl_snek awesome which windows features have you been enjoying lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update zziplib opensuse-2018-560' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu server security updates only freedompenguin discover how to enable security updates only on ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity thousands of mongodb databases compromised and held to ransom infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft update left azure linux virtual machines open to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft visual studio products july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 content injection proof of concept packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 22nd 2017 wed mar 22nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sergwalden assad has disappeared more people in seven years than guatemalan 40-50 000 argentinian 30 000 and chilean 3 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1546-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'btman16 hi brandon are any other shortcuts helping you stay productive in windows 10 we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'australian cyber security centre finally gets its own office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cynicalsecurity from the conclusions many customers do not appreciate the difference between an excellent and decent pizza. q' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysts say we are headed for a flash memory price crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'johnregehr you a zombie bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada systems still hopelessly vulnerable to cyberattacks infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'today s www is built on pillars of sand buggy exploitable javascript libs are everywhere your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter global in sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'holding shift f10 during windows 10 updates opens root cli bypasses bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pinkflawd blackhoodie bay area takes place 7th amp 8th of september at the google offices in mountainview hosting classes with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntp 4.2.8p3 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'naukri clone script 3.02 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp urges android users to manually backup their chats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump accuses google of rigging search results to favor bad news about him' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer object memory handling and validation flaws let remote users execute arbit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news macbook seized or stolen but you ve set a filevault password right ha it s useless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm aix rmsock lets local users obtain potentially sensitive kernel memory contents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel packet_set_ring race condition lets local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update pcs on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivanka trump has west wing office and will get access to classified information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter resane bartar cms sql injection cross site scripting vulnerability topic resane bartar cms sql inj' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if officialmcafee bitfi6 mcafeeexecutive ever pay spudowiar amp friends the bounty money hope some is used to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '40asap we have quite the selection of budget-friendly pcs are there any particular features that you ll be needing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.1 source code tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wolfiechristl new paper on cookie syncing one way of how user profiles are linked across firms based on 1 year of web browsing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update qemu opensuse-2018-894 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iss for business 14.0.1400.2029 blue screen of death packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 image conversion engine jpeg image buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2017-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security slip-ups in 1password and other password managers extremely worrying theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xhyde officialmcafee cybergibbons you can even purchase and use a pre-owned wallet without any security risks or vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leftystewart gotcha thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danlaw83 right on what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eaboettch the oraclesoar team has you covered from every angle one oracle one goal customer success in the cloud get re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft says disappointment of new macbook pro has more people switching to surface than ever before infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swordofomen marcan42 cybergibbons securelyfitz you are so hung up on the ground that you are missing the point' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'well can t get hacked if your pc doesn t work mcafee yanks bsoding endpoint security patch theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how chrome s buggy content security policy implementation cost me money content security policies csps infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je quiz 2.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter gmail to stop supporting chrome version below v.55 windows xp and vista will highly be affected' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.11 kvm out-of-bounds buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt warriors oracle is feeling it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy birthday marscuriosity cheering your big sixth with qz poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to fix location data leak in google home chromecast infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite 12.1.1 12.1.2 12.1.3 customer intelligence privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker breaches hola vpn chrome extension to go after cryptocurrency wallet site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wildlife crime european seizures and arrests in global operation thunderstorm an international infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'authentication success insufficient access nessus plugin id 110385 with info severity synopsis nessus was able to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kaizeninfosec thank you chadtilbury and sansinstitute for the excellent education at dfirsummit in june.i just passed my gcf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3788-2 tomcat8 regression update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security researcher hacks anti tracking amp pro privacy brave brave hacking privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 developer tools cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip get to your files amp photos from anywhere on any device stay in sync with onedrive:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stevelord paging metlstorm and dotslashpipe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla appointmentbookingpro 4.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday june 20th 2018 tue jun infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awarmsound that s an excellent choice when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5218 the extensions api in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sensitive data exposure via wifi broadcasts in android os cve-2018-9489 fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frugal_samurai what error are you getting have you tried clearing your browser s cache and cookies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so there is an infected pc in the office of the prime minister jamaica .infected from at least january 22.acto' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artymatte hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ocasio2018 last year a bronx public school tested with lead levels 16x higher than flint.communities are connected our dig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spooe_gaming great we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts git vulnerabilities usn-3671-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wpblogpro artem_i_baranov stopmalvertisin wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dejan_kosutic do you know the difference between the words shall and should when you read iso27001' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the facebook app on iphone is bigger than the install media of windows xp.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert a17-03-04 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller probe yields hacking indictments for 12 russian military officers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity secure websites brought to you by the letter s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update perl-archive-zip suse-su-2018:2388-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1634-1 moderate mupdf infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ruggerotonelli icym backdoored images downloaded 5 million times finally removed from docker hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my php dating 2.0 view_image.php path sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8225 windows dnsapi remote code execution vulnerability a remote code executio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jakentech we re glad to hear it which windows 10 features or apps are you enjoying the most right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allibally hey allison we suggest learning how to change the size of text in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morakdais excellent choices have you captured any epic clips with the game bar yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dailymotion hackers expose passwords and private info of up to 85 million people the video website infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql schema remote code execution vulnerability oracle mysql is prone to a remote code-execution vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jamver the final word by k8em0 with references auscert2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not in the video but they use mcafee av they got infected with emotet which is all over usg systems big is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danshimmyo great choice which apps and games are you enjoying the most with windows mixed reality at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkup..removepointerpos use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian gnu linux 8 jessie has reached end of security support upgrade now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2016-0173' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kiothewolf that s fantastic which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera browser asked to blacklist pirate sites in turbo mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wsluser tara_msft ubuntu docsmsft msdev we are looking at it won t be long.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt europol europol s 5th virtual currencies conference the largest ever european law enforcement cryptocurrency event brou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '17 backdoored images downloaded 5 million times removed from docker hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yosoysterling9 how odd let s have you run the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital technologies must disappear in 2017 cloudexpo cloud artificialintelligence' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter auction website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt weldpond bitfi keeps on trying to redefine what unhackable means. well oracle redefined unbreakable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mathiasydeyt oh no could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm bigfix remote control 9.1.2 execute code sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update util-linux opensuse-2017-305' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6672 information disclosure vulnerability in mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3.0 through 5.3.3 and 5.9' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alpha version of sandboxed tor browser released a sandboxed alpha version of the tor browser was infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hohndel where would you like to have the 30th anniversary of linux celebration in 2021 torvalds i don t care abo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update update as many as 60 million accounts may have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youtube analytics multi channel 3.0 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability retired sap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin version 2.5.3 suffers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'botnet graniet chrome backdoor v3.0 web panel multi vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arcilite we re glad to hear it when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk acquires victorops in 120 million deal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat cloudforms management app cve-2017-2653 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt englishrussia1 state rescue service worker on state emergency rescue car arrived to paint away putin is a liar words on wall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook hey did you end up getting the acer aspire nitro we d love to hear your thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee whale fucking no joke each year on feb 1st in the molokai channel a few men compete in the world s only whale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mozilla-firefox updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation got creds to a win10 box and want system code exec and a full c2 channel purely over wmi code exec write primitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs oracle blockchain cloud service which oracle rolled out at oow17 is now generally available get the details:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the latest eww yuck in brothel options infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'helpdeskz sql injection file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heidimaebush hi heidi we d like to help what happens when you try to browse on chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent advice when confronted with feedback if any sort that you immediately disagree with be it about race or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_8_0-openjdk suse-su-2018:1690-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 exim4 vulnerability usn-3164-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit adobe ek hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passport officer favourite websites me cnn new york times ummm badlandsnps officer turn around now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daniplaystube thanks for the compliment do you have any favorite windows 10 features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richardsparr hi richard give these steps a try open google chrome and go to gt settings gt advanced gt system gt tu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the guardian alleges that whatsapp has a backdoor that could be used to spy on users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shaysler thanks for following up stacey could you download chrome canary a future version and see if you re ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2439-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bradheath court police officer s attempt to ask a spanish speaking driver for permission to search his car using google tran' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aemuho glad to hear everything is running smoothly are any windows features catching your eye at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yungsaucekid hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter use google chrome your personal details can be stolen via the simple trick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'big brother china s social credit score imagine you re a chinese citizen and you walk up to the ticket infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the roku tv and sonos speakers are open to takeover due to the same flaw reported in google home and chromecast e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the keynote cyber visionary stuart mcclure explores the future ai vs ai to reveal a key strategy extend the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pagnetti pptsapper twitter twitter never changes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the mission of linuxfoundation is to create the largest shared tech investment in history w linux amp in 53 additional projects lfwebinar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4257-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'takas classified cogeigniter php classified ad script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 xen 2017-cdb53b04e0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why a florida-based information security officer sees communication as a key to data protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how have the broadcom flaws impacted you or your enterprise learn more about the lenovothinkpad vulnerabilities w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brommerich hi there try the steps in the guide to help with the issue see your connection.. does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rc.local payload persistence module packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 pcs cesa-2018:1927' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattpstevens openbook_org eddwilson and whatsapp is based on breaking the law.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter micro focus universal configuration management database browser lets remote users conduct cross-site r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s stewardship of gnu linux android chromebooks and more in doubt after company resorts to patent first' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches big problem in firefox browser to prevent cyber attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mookakelp hi there how did the upgrade go we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new smb bug how to crash windows system with a link of death' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14612 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-18 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0216' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2393-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google coughts up 1m for each chrome and android bug in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps business networking script 8.11 sql injection cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix wordpress login page refreshing and redirecting issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 market share growth just barely has a pulse thanksgiving turkey free turns out to be what infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to trevorticehurst saeedgnu terryalanbrown devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jdeveloper information disclosure vulnerability july 2018 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity travelers are easy targets for online financial crime when abroad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018-2952 remote security vulnerability oracle java se and jrockit cve-2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news it s now 2017 and your windows pc can still be pwned by a word file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress form maker plugin multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office space hot technology career cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln nessus arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pathogendavid thanks for doing that david your feedback allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrewhowdencom ericvhileman ecommerceaholic _talesh it broke just after we pushed the most recent show live.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8403 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that microsoft browsers access o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2016-0164' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save the date securityweek s ics cyber security conference is coming to singapore april 25-27 2017 scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wave of hailstorm spam evades filters to spread dridex banking malware amp locky ransomware:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 chromium 2018-09b59b0227 nessus plugin id 110625 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:networkmanager-vpnc 2018-ac02463f82 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 10 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security security linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ictutors tutoring site script 1.1 admin username password sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft windows cve-2018-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android security password-stealing malware sneaks in google play store in bogus apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday sap ase odata server 16 denial of service vulnerability cve-2017-5371 dos exploits vulnerability 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to srita_karen duo_48 antic0de wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off teslathemes premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday16 cost less than 0.60 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft will likely fix windows smb denial-of-service flaw on patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 may not be free for businesses anymore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the hacking adobe zer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 upgrade vulnerability makes any pc super easy to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zacinlo malware spams windows 10 pcs with ads and takes screenshots infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases security updates for flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla userextranet 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook gotcha we have many speedy devices that are great for gaming to help narrow it down are you in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fatal flaw found in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle re-patches decade-old solaris bug threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts clamav vulnerabilities usn-3722-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3161-4 linux kernel qualcomm snapdragon vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 plugin local file inclusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how did onelogin rebuild its securitymodel after a 2017 breach we ask the company s chief security officer justi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers pick microsoft office for zero-day exploits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp vulnerability allows hackers to intercept and change message contents a new whatsapp infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'school management software 2.75 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nullionair thanks for the kind words have any other features caught your eye in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imballance hmm interesting let s have you try out the windows black screen troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows xp still widespread among healthcare providers using xp a security risk and could also breach infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3286 local security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter a simple javascript exploit bypasses aslr protection on 22 cpu architectures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5216 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs december threats report explores many facets of deception by vincent weafer mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'altoidyoda hi there have you tried restarting your device and reopening chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-4254-1 slurm-llnl security update nessus plugin id 111316 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to majaid_web edgarulloa wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows domain name system dnsapi.dll lets remote users execute arbitrary code on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress up to 4.7.1 press the class-wp-press-the.php privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 kernel cesa-2018:2384 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cerber tops windows 10 ransomware charts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity your customers data is your biggest asset keep it that way with web application security combined with the rig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome users get site isolation by default to ward off spectre attacks helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeovanny2415 music to our ears have you been using windows to work on any cool projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress secretly fixes serious security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhrmn we re more than happy to help robert thanks for sharing how your church is using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome os exploit one byte overflow and symlinks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.4.0 exponent sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wp-filebase download manager plugin 3.4.4 on wordpress cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zacinlo malware spams windows 10 pcs with ads and takes screenshots by waqas the it security researchers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broken access control on bluemix containers fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bramwillemse understood we suggest you reaching out to the google chrome forums for more specific help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-2873 sql injection vulnerability in ibm qradar siem 7.1 before mr2 patch 13 and 7.2 before 7.2.7 allows r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you to suse for being a diamond sponsor of ossummit taking place august 28-31 in vancouver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. docker s kubernetes implementation provides enterprises with containerorchestration options expert rdshapland' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ruggerotonelli clickhouse new opensource columnar database nosql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq persistent cross-site scripting vulnerability in user access manager wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libpng libpng1.6 vulnerabilities usn-3712-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk s largest nhs trust hit by ransomware attack via ancient windows xp pcs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-546 nessus plugin id 110275 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sergioaa06 ah gotcha thank you for sharing with us how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase autonomous database protects your data from data theft the oracle autonomous database automates the great deal of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3767-1 mysql-5.5 security update bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress releases security update original release date january 26 2017 wordpress 4.7.1 and prior infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter new linux malware exploits cgi vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you know the saying mom is always right well for nsa army counter pursuit officer spc alexander woody his mo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3302 crash in libmysqlclient.so in oracle mysql crash in libmysqlclient.so in oracle mysql befo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter facebook bb 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee machine learning a key 2017 tool for socially engineered hacks researchers believe that 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp vulnerabilities enabled hackers to alter messages sent in the app according to checkpointsw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition poc wr 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just share links share inspiration microsoft edge is the only browser with inking amp sharing built in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cms sql injection topic cms sql injection risk medi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'albo75 googlechrome microsoftedge facebook do you guys know more both edge and firefox support streaming vid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major websites still fail to steer users towards better passwords helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress lt 4.9.6 authenticated arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-10150 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'video maldoc analysis with standard linux tools sun aug 5th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8403 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that microsoft browsers access objects in mem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emilyhe1 cloud-based hr systems seen as essential to hr agility via shrsoftware hiltonhotels oraclehcm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blockticgamer hi there tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 git elsa-2018-1957 nessus plugin id 110629 with high severity synopsis the remote oracle linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcstraight thanks for pointing the out marc we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-44 roundcube arbitrary code execution nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamesrwhite got it a new version of chrome is now available that fixes the let s try updating google chrome to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thaumulas linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk_daniel_card jepaynemsft if you deploy windows in a default config nowadays it s in a pretty good configuration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chadloder the elite microsoft hacker team that keeps windows pcs safe via wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq security update cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2015-5307 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3142-1 imagemagick vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivative' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sql injection attack is tied to election commission breach a hacker offered to sell an unpatched system infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser cookie jar the pilferage via cory doctorow comes the fascinating stoy of academicians infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foxit reader lt 8.3.7 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 ipsilon cesa-2016:2809 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high rhsa-2017:0059 red hat mobile application platform 4.2.1 security update sdks and rpms problem descript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 creators update brings new security capabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unstoppable javascript attack helps ad fraud tech support scams 0-day attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers say goodbye leak a batch of windows hacking tools the shadow brokers a group of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more .iqy emails incoming .iqy files are excel documents in the case containing dde exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3169-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter talktalk and post office routers downed in mirai botnet attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerability usn-3188-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deaviola is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp malware targets indian android users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use the titan password manager on a ubuntu server 16.04 installation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unprotected mongodb databases wiped and held for ransom by attacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'executable installers are vulnerable wevil case 42 softmaker s freeoffice installer allows esc fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_sayang2001 ah gotcha how is your device running after reinstalling windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thebirdy123 we re thrilled you re a fan are there any other apps you ve been enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update sane-backends suse-su-2017:0713-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mdseclabs cve-2018-8007 apache couchdb authenticated rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn windows reuse shellcode based on socket s lifetime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14611 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a use-after-free in try_merge_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new chrome extension alerts users to hacked sites hacknotice leverages a database of 20 000 hacks to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arianefgs you re not using self-hosted wordpress see the guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grab your lunch and then join one of symantec s dockercon booth sessions in g23 at the top of every hour for a cha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crypto experts say discussed whatsapp feature is not a backdoor the post doesn t have enough text infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2930 apsb17-02 adobe flash player memory corruption remote code execution iii mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox zero-day mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a cybersecurity vision for tomorrow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kcroes hi there reach out to us at passwordhelp wordpress.com from the email on your account and we ll see what we can do to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4145' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-0315 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday june 18th 2018 mon jun 18th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tririga applications up to 10.4 10.5.0 notification password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt visualstudio docker containers have changed the way we all think about build amp test environments so here s a little help settin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news scientists usernames passwords possibly stolen in synchotron hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3149-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10150 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharp eyes smartphones and tv sets part of a broader operation watching chinese citizens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my private tutor website builder script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln brocade virtual traffic manager cve-2016-8201 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benpatrickwill pearson s data-sharing agreement with the office for students is just part of its involvement in market-making in h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review amazon scammers hijack seller accounts shadow brokers say goodbye here s an overview of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft .net framework cve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simonz2227 thanks for helping us make windows the best version yet we appreciate having fans like you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts urge rapid patching of struts bug krebsonsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'johnny5point6 pretty cool right which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix image color and saturation loss in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat ceph cve-2016-9579 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3753-1 libvncserver security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openemr 5.0.1.3 file read write delete packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the month in wordpress june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support hacking opcatalunya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-2180 the dbmail driver in the password plugin in roundcube before 1.1.0 allows remote attackers to execut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt danielhbohannon i had a great time speaking at hackinparis as well as meeting and learning from the many attendees and speakers t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase everything i just talked about is available immediately. larry ellison want to try atp get your free trial her' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux chsh command tutorial for beginners 5 examples' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 kernel 2017-472052ebe5 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the directory helps you sort through the many linux foundation projects like nodejs amp zephyriot check it out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress sites targeted in world cup-themed spam scam wordpress worldcup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap hana 1.00.73.00.389160 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'library_wyvern hey there thanks so much for the feedback how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous hacktivist barrett brown released from prison barrett brown a journalist formerly served infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seagate personal cloud srn21c sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libxv opensuse-2016-1423' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'walkerdanny hmm in the case we suggest you to reach out to chrome forums for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 151912-12 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nikosdemetriou that s so exciting what are your first impressions of windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marilyngard do you also see the warning if you use a different browser to access your site 2 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'da rude sand storm seizes the opportunity threatens to ko rover theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwnallthethings the safeword is ctrl-c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 oxide-qt vulnerabilities usn-3133-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks on wordpress sites intensify as hackers deface over 1.5 million pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbrownridge you re welcome reach out if you ever have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ssl death alert cve-2016-8610 can cause denial of service to openssl servers by debasish mandal mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln util-linux cve-2016-5011 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb the internet folks use signal disappearing messages for opsec me' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join protecttoenable chief security and trust officer at cylanceinc on govnewsinsider to discuss challenges faci' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new macos malware linked to russian hackers can steal passwords amp iphone backups thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip master the holiday mayhem with lists cortana can track gifts recipes travel amp more.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords for tens of thousands of dahua devices cached in iot search engine login passwords for tens of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-016 important security update for windows iis 4013074 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.10 apt regression usn-3156-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'betweenthetread details about the differences in and the wordpress installation can be fou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'witycms 0.6.2 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5226 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mini cms 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update pam-modules suse-su-2018:1760-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnome web epiphany denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_drpatty we love your enthusiasm thanks for your support nainesh are you currently using windows 10 on your laptop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday trendmicro interscan 6.5-sp2_build_linux_1548 privilege escalation vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1528-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kentmicht hi there we re here to help what happens when you launch chrome tell us more about the issue.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday august 21st 2018 mon aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drink the potion linux kernel and tomorrow you ll wake up with a wireguard vpn driver theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update enigmail opensuse-2018-630' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how one open source component put 25 of java applications at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6671 application protection bypass vulnerability in mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3.0 through 5.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter my php dating 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google added mitigations for spectre in chrome 67 launched the week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'make an impression your customers will remember with these storytelling tips from oracledatacloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s internet intelligence map presents a real-time view of online threats security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'troyhunt int10h chrispont it might be a support thing eg agents ask for last four letters of password some banks still do that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 systemd go photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0026 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'priyashmita we appreciate it your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tarah 0x686967 splunk congratulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ginsberg5150 check out jms_dot_py doing more osint magic with chrome dev tools the was a fun one to watch thanks donny -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security updates for microsoft office products july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple itunes notify script insertion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer m4n1f3sto dev adding encryption to lockers encrypts but decryption broken pretends to be from jhon woddy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to masterjava_es easyblogs langlang21 devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt winter_heidi taking the a out of apt with hacking stupid just like the bad guys at sansapac community night presented by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 tip keep your microsoft account secure with 2-factor authentication signing in to windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter web inspiration gallery script 1.0.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2268-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle re-patches decade-old solaris bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shelling apache felix with java bundles' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday ibm websphere remote code execution java deserialization exploit remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'googlechrome adds site isolation to protect users against spectre attacks but there will be a performance hit b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7257 the gdi component in microsoft windows vista the gdi component in microsoft windows vista' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aaronsmith2 please copy your unsaved draft to a text editor like notepad as a backup and then clear your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nyuhanna larry ellison on stage launching the autonomous transaction processing .. oracle thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therobindp that s amazing do you have any favorite new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6001 race condition in kernel events core.c in the linux kernel before 4.9.7 allows local users to gain p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3677-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update postgresql on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9676 buffer overflow in citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows attackers to execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dhs may require social media passwords from those visiting from 7 banned countries' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'magento vs woocommerce which one is better comparison wordpress ecommerce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome bug opens access to private facebook information threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap security diagnostic tool unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colleencoslett hi colleen just to confirm have you tried these steps to repair chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin chained quiz 1.0.8 answer sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brian_riback got it do you see the same issue when viewing the website in another browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blaktron if you want a laugh to get fired plug an adsl router into the next office you re in and watch the networ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript web apps and servers vulnerable to redos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast devices allow attackers to determine the precise physical locations of the iot gadgets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle flexcube investor servicing 12.0.1 12.0.2 12.0.4 12.1.0 12.3.0 unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle named a leader in gartner_inc june 2018 magic quadrant for access management worldwide and received highe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bad linux bug patched in default installation of ubuntu desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nograpcenation we re happy to hear it was successful are you enjoying any windows features right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash mp4 amf parsing overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trainingmindful watch your thoughts they become words watch your words they become actions watch your actions they become hab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is showcasing some of the data-as-a-service capabilities it acquired with dyn it s rolling out a new free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome to distrust symantec ssls for mis-issuing 30 000 ev certificates thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new feature called site isolation is being tapped to protect chrome users against spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s progress running unreal engine 4 with steamvr on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3686-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swampystorm445 we re happy to hear everything is working properly now how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2552-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers are offering the nsa arsenal for direct sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home chromecast iot devices are leaking location information and a fix isn t coming out until july' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmailer remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches zero-day flaws in windows internet explorer microsoft s patch tuesday updates for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taoxv88 what is the version number of the browser you are on at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress membership simplified 1.58 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-16133 cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 allows directory traversal via a .. in the uri cvss:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.10 linux vulnerability usn-3152-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new research revealing browser cryptomining generating 250k every month infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday december 16th 2016 fri dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enigma0x3 office 2016 now blocks .settingcontent-ms files from being activated via ole secbughunter amp team -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component intranet attendance track 2.6.5 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3443 vulnerability in the oracle common applications component of oracle e-business suite subcomponent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordfence warns of a huge increase in brute force attacks on wordpress bruteforce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclestartup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great turnout at the dockerdublin meetup w lizrice yesterday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1403-1 zendframework security update nessus plugin id 110785 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hyr0n1 crazy storm blowing out windows at the flamingo during defcon looks like someone forgot the ring of salt when so' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter itech freelancer script 5.13 category.php sk sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srun pointer::span qualifier run type out-of-bou 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel tcp reassembly algorithm lets remote users consume excessive cpu resources on the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsbudyn we suggest trying these steps to troubleshoot windows hello on your device let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-779-1 tomcat7 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium rhsa-2016:2972 vim security update problem description an update for vim is now available for red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from fresh flowers to idyllic islands the collection of 14 summer-centric windows themes will make sure you ve go' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '11 ways to get more comments on your wordpress blog posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pr4jwal poc for s2-057 cve-2018-11776 apache struts vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity critical apache struts flaw opens enterprises to compromise patch asap vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does your organization use credssp if so how has the cve-2018-0886 vulnerability impacted your windows product' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to viralwolf wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update wireshark opensuse-2016-2923' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox made a tool for scraping new pacer court doc entries for keywords such as iphone imei etc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rebrandcities the creative capital website co-created with rebrandcities wordpressdotcom if you are an entrepreneur in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libx11 suse-su-2016:3001-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katelyn1cutepup that s great let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi offers some poor password advice for online shoppers changing your passwords regularly isn t the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe quietly bundles data-collecting chrome extension with latest reader update helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 5 6 7 firefox elsa-2016-2843 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia windows gpu display driver 34x.x lt 342.00 367.x lt 369.73 367.x lt 369.71 grid 375.x lt 375.63 multipl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'designed by webridges sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '25 legit ways to make money online blogging with wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actual twitch comment i m rebuilding a really old computer an amd with windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-0706 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global antivirus software market 2018 view mcafee avast software symantec and avg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amydorman3 hi there do you have any questions we can assist with we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2950 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle challenges pentagon s 10 billion cloud computing contract' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dockerce 18.06 say hello to longer release cycles and the new nightly builds by esk_dhg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dropbox will only support the ext4 file system in linux in november' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has been recognized by gartner_inc in two june 2018 reports magic quadrant for access management worldwi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3150-2 linux kernel omap4 vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its der' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw allows web browsing on locked pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars death star teapot amp mug caffeine is the empire s new ultimate weapon the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teamviewer stores a password in unicode format within teamviewer.exe process memory between 00 88 and 00 00 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tdforg we have been made aware of an unofficial version of libreoffice on the microsoftstore the is not official or cr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you to suse for being a diamond sponsor of linuxcon containercon cloudopen china taking place june 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'social media security podcast 35 facebook news feed psychology complex passwords dumb criminals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore buy elf for 4.99 on microsoftmoviestv get a 5 microsoft credit see terms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abbood hi there we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-152 security update for windows kernel 3199709' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker apologizes for talktalk and post office ddos attack says it was an accident' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle jdk 1.8.0 2d remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office products june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberexaminer cybersecurity researcher leveraged app paths to bypass user account control in windows 10 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new it wasn t just inbenda javascript library compromised in ticketmaster credit card hack socialplus pushassist' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3853 an exploitable use-after-free vulnerability exists in the javascript engine of foxit sof' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5598 an issue was discovered in eclinicalworks healowwork 8.0 build 8 the is a blind sql i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'image gallery plugin 1.9.65 on wordpress stored cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nissincorp we love your support we can t wait to see what you create with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla team display 1.2.1 component filter_category parameter sql injection vulnerabi 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux security flaws gives attackers root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'living_apricot sounds great check out these steps to get the latest version of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justinklemm occasionally updates on chrome or other software can change the behavior of how items are rendered d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5953 the swiotlb_print_info function in lib swiotlb.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vbs_1000 music to our ears are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov wesecur_en wordpress cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday projectsend r754 insecure direct object reference vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14338 samples geotag.cpp in the example code of exiv2 0.26 misuses the realpath function on posix platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1629-1 moderate imagemagick infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mother nature sure is beautiful when she s angry check out her electric temper in the shocking windows10 theme:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powerful decoding tool by gchq you can run it as a local docker image remnux cyberchef' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'j_b_t mozilla googlechrome microsoft you mean like you want to disable that firefox waits for your approval to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2016:3067-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts vulnerability poc code found on github hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 sudo 2016-48614c8b69 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle celebrates nationalinternday with alanna and nellie two summer interns who both share a love for music and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'someone hijacking unsecured mongodb databases for ransom nearly two years back we warned users about infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thelucastds how odd could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows pc we d like to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability kernel 4.2.3linux kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle glassfish open source edition demo feature default password lets remote users access the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln phpmyadmin cve-2016-6616 sql-injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat auto-installed a vulnerable chrome extension on windows pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338819 windows 10 version 1803 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110983 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter facebook bb 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2015-8989 unsalted password vulnerability in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache zookeeper server detection nessus plugin id 110267 with info severity synopsis an apache zooke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-10 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla jembedall 1.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update qemu-kvm on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows emet xml injection topic microsoft windows emet xml injection risk high text: credits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'autocomplete a novel phishing hole for chrome safari crims hidden forms capture lastpass autofill infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-2929 adobe acrobat chrome extension version 15.1.0.3 and earlier have a dom-based cross-site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hackers breach millions of wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to care for the community over the code at all things open 2016 joe brockmeier answers the question how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fgiaquintoa thanks for the update have you tried the steps in the guide to repair chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mealexanderc we re so glad you re enjoying your windows experience alex what do you use windows for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s soar program aims to move legacy app customers to the cloud oraclesoar via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jennipixels hi there how did your stream go we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10938 a flaw was found in the linux kernel present since v4.0-rc1 and through v4.13-rc4 a crafted network' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleugs don t forget sdjug is hosting special date meetup with donald smith on shaping the future of java faster on augus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel net sctp socket.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues emergency patch for flash zero-day darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwned passwords v3 is now live presently sponsored by netsparker a scalable and dead accurate web infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to go beyond passwords in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 singularity 2018-abe4d2383e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap single sign on denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity whatsapp backdoor what is wrong in the last claims infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faisal__sayed excellent we d love to hear your thoughts on windows 10 which new features have caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache kafka cve-2018-1288 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6414 a buffer overflow vulnerability in the web server of some hikvision ip cameras allows an attacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2017:0720-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'predictive analytics and 1000 points of innovation drive the performance of oracleteamusa in the water' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ocr software firm abbyy leaks 203 000 customer documents in mongodb server snafu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eff to patent office don t make it harder to kill bad patents it s already much too difficult to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln trend micro control manager multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft windows kernel registry hive loading crashes in nt nt hvpgetbinmemalloc and nt ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tellee1 hi terence have you tried the steps in the article to repair chrome if it freezes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update glibc opensuse-2018-567 nessus plugin id 110407 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers put nsa exploits up for direct sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked emails passwords private messages stolen privacy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 22nd 2018 tue aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm cognitive computing needs flash arrays mark our words big blue coats ds8880 boxen with cognitive infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'surprise microsoft issues flash patches for internet explorer edge microsoft sent an email to its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update dovecot22 suse-su-2016:2915-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android inter-process munmap packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update nagios-nrpe suse-su-2018:1768-1 logjam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft s windows red team keeps pcs safe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6874 use after free local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 5.5.x lt 5.5.52 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromebooks may get apple boot camp-like windows 10 dual boot with campfire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhsa-2016:2947-1 critical flash-plugin security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability revealed in whatsapp and telegram allowed hackers to gain complete control over user accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pew research study exposes america s poor password hygiene darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt morphisec critical alert cve-2018-4990 acrobat reader dc double-free vulnerability threat analysis by smgoreli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm_usman555 what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jphilippine understood if you haven t already we recommend learning more about reactivating windows 10 after a h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to setup passwordless ssh login' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update samba suse-su-2018:2339-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaredm_ebooks fantastic which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity take control of your privacy in windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file upload vulnerability topic angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file uploa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps yacht listing script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-017 important security update for windows kernel 4013081 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ashk4n new macos safari blocks tracking by 3rd party widgets until you interact and implements measures to prevent browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmworldpat calls out the vision of software defined data center lists these 3compute storage networkannoyi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity remove the yeabd66.cc browser hijacker removal guide infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nubien you can contact us at help wordpress.com and we d be happy to assist you with the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brownteaming the bot is a dick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhsa-2017:0061-1 important java-1.6.0-openjdk security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security-oriented kodachi 3.6 linux os improves vpn and tor connectivity more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-zendframework-zend-diactoros 2018-dbb0d41078 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter new mac malware from russia targets your saved passwords and iphone backups' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt olgaangel windows packer project to empower incident response digital forensics malware analysis and network defense' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-2935 the broker application in ibm bigfix remote control before 9.1.3 allows remote attackers to cause a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bat_community upcoming ama with johnnyryan chief policy amp industry relations officer at brave wednesday sep 5th now s your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware player 14.x lt 14.1.3 out-of-bounds write vmsa-2018-022 linux nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 drupal8 2016-411f8b961e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt black_ishabc blackishbrainstorms which device gets hollered at the most watch charlie s surface ideas come to life the wedne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bixmediocre do you mean for individual posts that s not supported in the wordpress software itself you ll need' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9919 the icmp6_send function in net ipv6 icmp.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.12 omits a c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.10 linux vulnerabilities usn-3147-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt billbrowder breaking russian government announces opening of a new criminal case against me and various us officials involved' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity warning lights flashing on crime says met chief as offences hit 12m in year forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0004 the local security authority subsystem service lsass in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows serve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jrcthr33 we completely understand how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new fasttrack benefit deployment support for co-management on windows 10 devices learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla vik rent car 1.11 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'credit card stealer disguises as google chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'should the cloud close the front door to the database the recent mongodb ransomware hack in the cloud infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'please tighten your passwords and assume the brace position says plane-tracking site theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wangxue2 oh no check out the article for tips on repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trojan downloader masquerades as defunct flash player for android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hidden devil in the development life cycle google play apps infected with windows executable files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattermost 3.5.0 3.5.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats to oraclemktgcloud for leading the way amp being named a leader in gartner_inc s latest magic quadrant for digital marketing hubs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whaletail generates dockerfile that created a docker image' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter low cve-2016-4443 red hat enterprise virtualization rhev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has been recognized by gartner_inc in two june 2018 reports magic quadrant for access management worldwi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'accelerate 2017 update general sessions overview day one if anyone was unsure of fortinet s vision for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2959 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mbls flex cms 0.7.2 sql injection cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an up-to-date browser should keep users safe from most exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gunnerbeeks we re so glad you re a fan of windows 10 what do you like about it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'music site script 1.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last day of dockercon if off don t forget to drop by booth g5 for some containersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'regulations such as gdpr and pcidss help hold organizations accountable when there s a breach or misuse of data.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hopping the flash stepping stones to dimm future how levels layers stacks and dimms are boosting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2018-599 meltdown spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers selling windows exploits attack tools the shadowbrokers are selling a cache of windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime data center network manager lt 11.0 1 download servlet path traversal vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 memcached cesa-2016:2819' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'academics discover new bypasses for browser tracking protections and ad blockers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 postgresql cesa-2016:2606 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cc cybergibbons profwoodward i assume you two both saw mcafee s latest announcement one of the accused is a lond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox add-on with 220 000 installs caught collecting users browsing history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer a few months ago we decided to make a new module for our infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hanvasart we love your enthusiasm is your new device running windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk to acquire devops alert firm victorops for 120 million' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fighting ransomware a fresh look at windows server approaches networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft sql server clr stored procedure payload execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle goes live with cloud blockchain platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3239-2 gnu c library regression a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abusing kerberos kerberoasting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netn8 quite the throwback are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realjae6ix hi wang have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2285-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishers use zerofont technique to bypass office 365 protections cybercriminals have been leveraging a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ledtech3 pretty much any office and general productivity work with google suite.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap infrastructure could be used to deploy ransomware on enterprise networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webrtc vp8 block decoding use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin multiple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9178 the _get_user_asm_ex macro in arch x86 include asm uaccess.h in the linux kernel before 4.7.5 does' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samihurme uh oh could you go to the chrome sync dashboard and see if anything is listed under bookmarks:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find a windows hello-enabled device file confidently with turbotax then relax with great tv games and movies:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'regulators crack down on skype and whatsapp over privacy sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft hasn t issued a patch yet for a new medium-rated windows vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cinemaguy1 thanks for your advocacy are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter designed by webridges sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.10 linux vulnerability usn-3152-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami gnupg alas-2018-1045 nessus plugin id 110784 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt uscpsc play video games safely kids parentingin5wordsorless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vault 7 cia can bypass whatsapp signal telegram encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tweetsofsumit hi sumit tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12534 a sql injection issue was discovered in the quick chat plugin before 4.00 for wordpress cvss:0.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer-plugins-bad opensuse-2017-94' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert a16-12-03 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv byp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pinterest browser extension injects unwanted code into 5k websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dpwallace wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'database attacks spread to couchdb hadoop and elasticsearch servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karubah we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images are any other apps or features in windows 10 standi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5548 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aveva patches critical flaws in hmi scada tools following schneider merger' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je property finder 1.6.3 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrisakatwsm that warms our hearts thanks for being such a great member of the windows team which features hav' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-2779 runuser in util-linux allows local users to runuser in util-linux allows local users to es' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday pet listing script 3.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd strongswan fix denial-of-service vulnerability strongswan cve-2018-10811 cve-2018-5388 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the shadow brokers return with more elite nsa cyberweapons they re trying to sell another batch of tools infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1802-1 important redis infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-06 chromium google chrome user-assisted execution of arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reflash flash research framework jarkko turkulainen a senior researcher on our threat intelligence team infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity linkedin s training arm resets 55 000 members passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sechubb good morning sansfire securitymapper and i have some exciting news our elasticsearch focused siem design and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-148 critical security update for microsoft office 3204068 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cellcorner apple efi isp adapter for hdbox how to use to remove apple mac icloud password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blind xxe via powerpoint files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics join mbromileydfir tuesday 1pm et bec amp office365 making sense of all the noise webcast join live or sign up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish server 2.1.1.x lt 2.1.1.30 3.0.1.x lt 3.0.1.15 3.1.2.x lt 3.1.2.16 multiple vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnome 3.24 new linux desktop is fast responsive networkworld with the release of gnome 3.24 bryan lunduke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows escalate uac protection bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reflected xss in mailchimp for wordpress could allow an attacker to do almost anything an admin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerc names bill lawrence as vp chief security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobileraj we re happy to hear that you re enjoying windows 10 do you have a favorite feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you might have heard that your android phone runs on linux but did you know that with the help of projects like' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore start your 14-day free trial of sling tv today only on windows10 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toddlohenry hi todd we re glad you re enjoying the update how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allyrdr gotcha thanks for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2016-7272 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'improving the adoption of security automation by dankoloski oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5211 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome a use after free in pdfium in google chrome pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jcurtisdrums images are uploading normally for me can you please try clearing your browser cache amp cookies and see if that helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wwahammy kathyreid windows ssreid46 yeah it is really a pity jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thekaybz at a restaurant today:kev what is your wifi password server well today is only my first day at the location' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security easycom sql iplug denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-13386 there was an argument injection vulnerability in sourcetree for windows via filenames in mercurial r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows uniscribe font processing buffer overflow in usp10 fillalternatesli 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome adds ambitious browser mitigation for spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote seig scada system 9 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-37 multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities adobe flash player infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no human error no mischief no mistakes. larry ellison oracle cto on oracle s autonomous database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday july 11th 2018 wed jul infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pollux7 yay kerberos parsing amp logging support merged into suricata rustlang oisfoundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gcanderson57 hi there how did the install go we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x86 protect process shellcode 229 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-5519 sql injection vulnerability in posts.class.php' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my friend stole my password news of yet another breach at target or yahoo seems pretty commonplace infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking firefox 52 warns when you try to enter passwords on non-encrypted websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote microsoft windows dnslint.exe drive-by download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity conference kids hacker camp comes to st ambrose' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current libgcrypt ssa:2018-164-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protect your linux device from exploits and malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle nothing better than a cup of coffee to start the day at oracledobrasil lifeatoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 thunderbird cesa-2018:2252 nessus plugin id 111341 with high severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat nio nio2 connector management flaw lets remote users access other user s sessions in cer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity beware of oneclass chrome extension infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclefs markcliffe chief economist ing_economics discusses why banks have a lot of data house cleaning to do.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerd_incognito you shouldn t select the option giancarlo deselect it amp try relaunching chrome do you still experience the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arturodicorinto linkcampus mmachiavelli foreign hackers broke into the czech foreign ministry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1536-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows dvd maker xml external entity file disclosure fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rce in oracle netbeans opensource plugins primefaces 5.x expression language injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hymuno welcome to windows 10 let us know if you have any questions we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation security feature by default for chrome desktop users on mac windows linux amp chro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamesrwhite hi james could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using also on what d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view agent 6.x lt 6.2.7 7.x lt 7.5.1 local information disclosure vulnerability vmsa-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor tor hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi recovers whatsapp signal data stored on michael cohen s blackberry fbi recovers whatsapp signal infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tnt_sketti right on how long have you been a windows gamer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we don t mean to alarm you but ibm s mcafee-as-a-service cloudy antivirus is wobbling big blue s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an autosave in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why would a malicious hacker target your wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apt28 at the center of the storm fireeye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase qlx improves fan experience with autonomous data warehouse cloud watch the video with al cordoba coo qlx consult' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the chrome extension that firesheeps you by choice infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10-strike lanstate 8.8 local buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emmalxwther the is another resource for self-hosted wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to arrange wordpress posts and custom post types using drag amp drop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office crafting with feminism a craft book with broad appeal show your support for feminists infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skaliciousss wow thanks for the kind words does windows 10 help you stay organized with your daily tasks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ironkey d300 hardware-encrypted usb flash drive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'procareerist can you try logging out if you are logged in then clear your browser cache and cookies restart you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'troyhunt netsec how chrome s buggy content security policy implementation cost me money' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity disappearances spark fears of crackdown on leftwing dissent in pakistan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tbcsidney we re happy to hear it are any windows features or apps standing out to you at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-006 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 4013073 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla jsp store locator 2.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt unit42_intel hundreds of apps removed from google play store carrying windows malware via securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tasty buzzfeednews now has an onion address thanks to sricola download tor browser and give it a visit:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera browser update install extensions directly from chrome store opera has released a beta version of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious windows executable files hidden in google play apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and python ftp attacks can punch holes through firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts elfutils vulnerabilities usn-3670-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for over a decade the members of oracle s internetintel team have been telling some of the biggest stories about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3152-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2008 r2 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability microsoft windows server 2008 r2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 strongswan 2018-bab8cabe2a nessus plugin id 110302 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to gn3mes1s techsupportwp seclabor wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.15 2.4.x lt 2.4.7 2.6.x lt 2.6.1 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus plugin id 110268' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthromero that s great we have excellent video guides to all aspects of paint 3d learn more here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash 24.0.0.186 code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yukihasitall were you able to activate windows 10 let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 3.30 binary release tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chatnow v1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 40 off themefuse premium wordpress themes cost 3.14 per theme blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptkeeper bug the linux encryption app cryptkeeper has a rather stunning security bug the single infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel starter 2010 xxe injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1392-1 linux security update nessus plugin id 110314 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3796-1 apache2 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress mail masta 1.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt appsruntheworld oracle cto larryellison details why oracle autonomous database is reliable amp risk free bar none with a host of uni' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8825 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now uses native windows 10 notifications google chrome has been supporting push infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter latest google chrome update patches 9 high severity bugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove onlinemapfinder browser extension infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is quickpress in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft 365 security integrates with your broader it ecosystem part 2 in part 1 of our blog series infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ca release automation code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2824-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter high cve-2016-7545 selinux policycoreutils allows local users to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pyrotek3 mikhail_khusid jepaynemsft advanced auditing 10 2016 security auditin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arturodicorinto wordfence warns of huge increase in brute force attacks on evanderburg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wifi password cracking made easy security researchers have discovered a way to calculate a wifi password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adamfowler_it hi if the is an account that you might want to use sometime in the future i would suggest resetting the password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high cve-2016-9676 buffer overflow in citrix provisioning services' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla je ticket system 1.2 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '__mosesjay what is your site s url please then we can check have you tried clearing the browser cache' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jolyonmaugham the electoral commission believes vote leave broke the law' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'make or break 1.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability ubuntu linux 14.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec ngo website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe s august patch tuesday release impacts flash player and acrobat dc and reader' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sansdallas keynote what s new for security in windows server 2016 and windows 10 by jasonfossen view details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'admins urged stop everything and patch new apache struts flaw public exploit available for cvss 10.0 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases fix for actively exploited flash player zero-day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azorult stealer 2 botnet sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos7 kernel denial of service exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great guide to streamline openstack deployment and keep the platform running smoothly from ttinthecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel ptrace.c local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'carriepoppyyes have you got an example of how they re doing that the wording the mechanism the methodology to p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel local microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation ms16-135' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4230-1 redis security update nessus plugin id 110571 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1854 spectre nessus plugin id 110600 with critical severity synopsis th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter report flash and internet explorer vulnerabilities dominate exploit kit landscape' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting topic wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting ri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 3:mariadb 2018-86026275ea nessus plugin id 110668 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roguecolonel gotcha how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos windows 10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft word products july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s r-o-y-g-b-i-v right on your desktop get all the colors of the rainbow with the vibrant windows10 theme now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'svblxyz malwaretechblog i haven t upgrade from windows me yet.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s monster security update 270 fixes and over 100 remotely exploitable flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle to release fixes for 334 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justbuddy_de you re making us blush thanks for the kind words we look forward to seeing the great things you can do with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s chrome is about to get rather in-your-face about https theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how to add a simple payment button to your poweredbywordpress premium and business and jetpack premium a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gamersreactcomp way to ruin a cartoon i ve never watched grc arthur arthursnightmare theoracleytu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 java-1.7.0-openjdk alas-2018-1037 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3285 remote security vulnerability e-business suite cve-2017-3285 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scavenger_bfdb hello what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 bind elsa-2018-2571 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor turns out to be known design feature nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rtf files with hancitor electron dev tool creates vulnerable windows apps podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsblog celebrate presidents day with big savings at microsoftstore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cristianhosu can you tell what s behind chrome: something like bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 dnsmasq grub2 haproxy linux nginx vim wget zookeeper phsa-2016-0012 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6663 unspecified security vulnerability oracle mysql cve-2016-6663 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qpurplejedi excellent which devices are you currently looking at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome bug opens access to private facebook information the method could be used to deduce the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to cremerfrederic darryl_macleod seclabor wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'omegle clone sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google developer discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbcooper956 hi joseph the windows dev center is a great place start let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jhamcorp winning coins excellent teamwork sec511 ctf sansrocky sansdefense sansinstitute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mac malware from russia targets your saved passwords and iphone backups' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday sap solman 7.31 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2016-10005 remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleepmcloud happythanksgiving from oracle epmcloud reflect on who is important in your life and thank them today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation feature by default for chrome desktop users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-4329 a local denial of service vulnerability exists in window broadcast message handling functionality of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches code execution flaws in flash reader acrobat threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor allows snooping on encrypted rootsector security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0228 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to edit their comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbrownridge yep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senior evangelist laurentgil explains how oracleiaas takes the risk out of cloud lift-and-shift migrations at th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3139-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattblaze the is apparently the twitter thread from last year that the maga hat guy was browbeating me about at hopeconf .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voidspace too some people track their online shopping to defraud credit cards or your groceries a private browser firefox mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress job manager 4.1.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trustwave spiderlabs broken link 404 d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of apps removed from google play store because were carrying windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows authorization manager msxml3.dll information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5206 the pdf plugin in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pepper_scott excellent thank you for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with daas windows coming say goodbye to your pc as you know it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kfc website hacked loyalty scheme members warned to change password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seanwintersa amazing have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2016-0164' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-136 microsoft sql server analysis services information disclosure 3199641' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews capturing whatsapp users ip address and installed app version using link preview feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsmunroe80 gotcha make sure to check out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2988-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enefa_a okay understood let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipsec vpn connections broken using 20 year old flaw a 20-year old flaw in the internet key exchange ike infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sultra cms sql injection topic sultra cms sql injection risk medium text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glenn_johnsonjr fantastic which windows features have been standing out to you so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install facebook remarketing retargeting pixel in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are custom backgrounds in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intex router n-150 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows font library embedded font processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rustyjordan hi rusty have you tried the steps in guide to help with chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows task scheduler alpc interface local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ca api developer portal cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'links 24 2 2017 ubuntu 17.04 beta openbsd foundation nets 573 000 in donations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rafetweets we love that one too how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote microsoft windows 10 edge chakra.dll info leak type confusion remote code execution exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hayesstw what browser are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mozilla-firefox updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1391-1 tiff security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity don t start the blockchain revolution without making security a top priority mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'datingsimulator that s so exciting we look forward to hearing your thoughts on windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elizabeth_heald thanks for the info just to confirm are you using the latest version of chrome to check type in chrome: chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to open .js files javascript hidden virus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4242-1 ruby-sprockets security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5548 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress responsive thumbnail slider plugin arbitrary file upload exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-64 x server multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'off-the-shelf hacker linux pipes redirection and awk rootsector security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new cumulative update for windows 10 1803' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1974' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raptor waf 0.5 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert a17-01-04 multiple vulnerabilities in oracle java and oracle products january 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justienen file then clear your browser cache and cookies and reset your internet connection but be very sure you back up the post first.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google locks out extensions that don t come from its chrome web store nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.x remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'innovation and awesome are 1990s words don t use them if jobs was an innovator we would have a blackberry with a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android ssp_batch_ioctl out-of-bounds write packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure the davolink dvw 32000 router suffers from a password di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to dual boot windows 10 anniversary update and ubuntu maketecheasier many people are running windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network google chrome 57 browser update patches high severity flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 openssl elsa-2017-0286' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2017-0033 spoofing vulnerability discoveredmarch 14' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows macos hacked at pwn2own 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5590 mysql_enterprise_monitor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps media search engine script search parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos 10.13.x lt 10.13.5 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt campuscodi apple icloud kept deleted browser history around for over a year apple icloud safari' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'batten down the ports linux networking bug segmentsmack could remotely crash systems theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac forensicators don t miss pcap command-line madness with hal_pomeranz dfir webcast series tuesday june' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemagazine learn to love the common response component of chatbots and see how to render complex and composite responses.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shellconla a big thank you to skysafeio for sponsoring shellcon2018 at the bronze level interested in drones and security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quentynblog thecybersecexp dcuthbert i d disputed that if you crack the passwords they re dave12 passwordjune' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itszubot hi there could you share more details on what seems to be happening with your google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manageengine adselfservice plus adds two-factor authentication support for windows logons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 .net core on red hat enterprise linux rhsa-2018:2167 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wrecks47 oracle president of development keynoting oraclecode san francisco talking about iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mysql suse-su-2018:2411-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-8201 a csrf vulnerability in brocade virtual traffic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3277 remote security vulnerability e-business suite cve-2017-3277 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kiigenn how odd let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemobile chatbot conference sept 19 san francisco joehuang_oracle and suyashcjoshi from oracle will be there for all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2919-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7879 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the passwords you should never use wed dec 7th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebron vs steph the nba version of cyber defense vs cyberattacks nba' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aviarylawstream sounds great thanks for getting back to us which games are you streaming the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome layout out-of-bounds read cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox esr 45.x lt 45.5.1 nssmiltimecontainer.cpp svg animation rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2015-5351 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fredy1o1 thanks for sticking with us all these years are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity patched tor browser vulnerability puts users identity at risk infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt virusbtn the call for papers for the fourth edition of the blackhoodie reverse engineering workshop for women will remain op' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2013-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig scada system 9 remote code execution topic seig scada system 9 remote code execution risk high text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter office 365 biz users targeted in novel phish scheme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2433 sap gateway sap kernel 32 nuc sap kernel 32 unicode sap kernel 64 nuc sap kernel 64 unicode 7.21' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install apache maven on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee host intrusion prevention services lt 8.0.0.3828 authentication bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3417 vulnerability in the oracle universal work vulnerability in the oracle universal work queu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xalexei my slides on reverse engineering windows defender s javascript engine are now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1251 dbd-mysql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'goldenstarkyu hmm what version of chrome are you using to check type in chrome: version also are you seeing any error messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update issued after critical rce vulnerable found in core of apache struts scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mozilla data url can inherit wrong origin after an http redirect f90fce70-ecfa-4f4d-9ee8 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 146086-08 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-7458 vmware vsphere client 5.5 before u3e and 6.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter eir reports breach to certain broadband modems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons you seem to think my job is to convince you my' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 cairo go libxml2 openvswitch phsa-2017-0039 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na dsa-3792 libreoffice security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cisco-sa-20161221-cco cisco cloudcenter orchestrator docker engine privilege escalation vulnerability a vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0108 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it looks like abusewith dot us a site that facilitates phishing and password theft is offline following my story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsbettioua we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dk_effect one year after notpetya and still 936k no-auth smb servers online 54k of them are windows azure exposure is down' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'januaryoneil hi january try uninstalling the chrome amp reinstall it does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trojan downloader masquerades as defunct flash player for android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 bind elsa-2018-2570 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'led_zeppelis a fast browser needs a fast support right let us know if the suggested steps helped.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'founder amp cat executive officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 linux remote code execution vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 linux remote c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser 8.0a9 is the first alpha release based on firefox 60 esr we rebased all of our patches updated our t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-731-1 imagemagick security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proof-of-concept released for apache struts vulnerability by kg4gwa poc apachestruts vulnerability github' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ichizanhissatsu thanks for the info have you also tried clearing chrome cache and cookies keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin comments import amp export lt 2.0.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'egyp7 i think mine was some vbscript i was running as a word macro to bypass the school s software restriction policies during it class.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install openmeetings on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4222-1 gnupg2 security update nessus plugin id 110421 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alreadyburning we d love to help you navigate around windows 10 let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visionofviii hi there are you still having any trouble with the program today we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bron_mitchell hello there when did these issues originally start for you we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt angellicaribam dear uidai what is the policy about non-issuance of birth certificate of newborn without aadhaar i can t believ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why linux is more secure that windows but still not as malware-free as you might think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desmabr we re so happy you re a windows 10 fan what are you liking about it so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehackersnews sos_wordpress wpbeginner wordpress 4.7.1 released patches eight vulnerabilities and 62' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day shadowbrokers hac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5669 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shariqali23 music to our ears when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft word 2007 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability microsoft office 2010 sp2 word 2007 sp3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more than 8 800 wordpress plugins out of 44 705 are wordpress nsa malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'satan ransomware re-emerge amp attack using eternalblue exploit to compromise windows pc infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apply mitre s att amp ck model to check your defenses by christiaan beek mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh server lt 7.41 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another canadian uni hit by ransomware students told to keep windows pcs away theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail user adoption and productivity is about more than just a pretty ui oracle retail merchandising v16 nrf17:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle commerce service center 10.2.0.5 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update kernel-firmware opensuse-2018-590 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google claims site isolation will stop spectre haunting chrome users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the linux foundation is changing the fabric of networking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brave if you use metamask_io in brave you are unaffected by the chrome web store removal of the metamask extension bra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle says saas margins to go from 60 per cent to 80 per cent no wonder it s thrilled with the rapid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2017-5027 blink in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 blink in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to orbisius anthonymfreed ifndef_lmj wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware windows users are being attacked via critical a flash zero-day hidden in malicious excel documents here s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logan22redwings hi there just to confirm have you tried these steps to repair chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dejab s scripts sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ongoing windows update bug woes affecting all isps theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday bull ibm aix clusterwatch watchware multiple vulnerabilities webapps exploits vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghostfrlend oh no have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs want to break into a locked windows10 device ask cortana cve-2018-8140' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent footnote by the author of one of the more common real-time object detection systems overall it s a grea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a zero-day flaw recently disclosed in microsoft s windows task scheduler could enable a bad actor to gain elevated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2016-0173 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'win10 updates kb 3213986 and kb 3210721 have multi-monitor problems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hey reddit we made a free-as-in-beer splunk alternative in go announcing gravwell community edition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tamuelsomlinson thanks for your support how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the next keynote at ossummit is greg marsden of oracle discussing preventing it firefighting with better infrastructure security .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the indictment of russian intelligence officers accused of hacking the dnc revealed a troubling timeline includin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers have now started holding unsecured mongodb instances ransom by mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grace beauty journey let the delicately textured kanji phrases of today s windows10 theme bring you calm:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0x09al i have to advance my skills with go but i am thinking that it would be great if it was browser independent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minadarsh we love having loyal users like you what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows throughout the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital ocean ssh key authentication security risk password authentication is re-enabled fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm tsm for virtual environments 7.1.3.0 lt 7.1.6.4 windows domain credential disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s ahead for ics cyber security in 2017 scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity number of mongodb ransom attacks peaked 27 000 in a day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'university s internet brought down by cyber-attack making vending machines search for seafood' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbhf03693 rev.1 hpe imc plat network products running microsoft sql server remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb ransomware attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox update after our bug discovery and piece signal has pushed an update that fixes the issue of disappearing message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-mitmproxy opensuse-2018-850 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress google map plugin lt 4.0.4 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5995 the pcpu_embed_first_chunk function in mm percpu.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bevy of android apps harbor hidden malicious windows executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. wordpress plugin security better than you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swankyluo is there anything we can help you with on windows 10 andy we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 plugin command injection exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bonus session sansseceast mbromileydfir talks about zero in on the artifacts that matter jan 11 8:15 pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'breaking down the propagate code injection attack by _snus windows api propagate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'write fast apps with pronghorn a java framework' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter omegle clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allok mov converter 4.6.1217 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gvarisco hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp security gets a boost with newly introduced patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews july 2018 patchtuesday adobe releases security updates for a total 112 vulnerabilities affecting flashplayer ad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq novel contributions to the field how i broke mysql s code-base part 2 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libvorbis opensuse-2018-591 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-2873 sql injection vulnerability in ibm qradar siem 7.1 before mr2 patch 13 and 7.2 before 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us thursday for a live webcast covering host-based intrusion detection hids and alienvault usm register now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off optinmonster get more email subscribers use coupon bf2016 wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'good morning velocityconf don t miss oracleiaas vp kyork20 and customer netrainc on stage at 9:45 during the keynote.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8419 android linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 5 6 7 firefox elsa-2016-2843' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee jimmy lost more than anyone due to the massive embezzlement at team mcafee jimmy stopped taking a salary months ag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webrtc fec processing overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the 502 bad gateway error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cliffbrown hi are you available now so we can continue the conversation in case you re occupied i d like to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.6.3 netfilter privilege escalation exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 plugin csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8397 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in the way that the windows graphics device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i hate it when i go on vacation and a big story breaks cc metlstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel local privilege escalation linux kernels prior to version 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stormgrass everything is working fine from what we can see what error s are you encountering' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create your own customized short url for your wordpress blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chart of the day if you re using any of these passwords stop now please' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i might start wearing a lulzsec jumper at the office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah repo-security-scanner cli tool that finds secrets accidentally committed to a git repo eg passwords private key' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity . oracle released audit vault and database firewall avdf release 12.2 bundle patch 8 and it features new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost threatlist spam s revival is tied to adobe flash s demise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'train like an oss pro with our e-learning courses learnlinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nanettegeorge veterans share their experiences transitioning from the military to corporate lifeatoracle oracleemp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2018-572' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'donttrustcowz oh no have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers hijacking your whatsapp messages images infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 24 bugs in chrome os security pass flaw in recaptcha feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8396 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly discloses th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'somnia_c hi there what happens when you re trying to launch chrome also do you see an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews google enables site isolation security feature by default for chrome desktop users on mac windows linux amp chro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine cross-site scripting vulnerability nessus plugin id 110564 with medium severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa-leaking shadow brokers lob molotov cocktail before exiting world stage with 8 days before infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cliffbrown could you follow us and private message me the service tag registered owner s name and email address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new azorult malware spreading via office documents steals to credentials amp launch ransomware attack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft offers new azure ad tool to nix easily guessed passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity whatsapp security backdoor could reveal business secrets infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks occam bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what dropbox dropping linux support says' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress tagregator 0.6 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorynstone it sounds like an issue with your browser or internet connection try using different ones to see if that works any better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a wordpress spambot wants you to bet on the 2018 fifa world cup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hderazi96 we love your enthusiasm make sure to keep an eye on the windows blog for all the latest news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8251 windows_10 windows_7 windows_8.1 windows_rt_8.1 windows_server_2008 windows_server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter macbooks leak disk encryption password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qais944 amazing choices are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kinsey s infor-lawson sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to get the url of images you upload in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemagazine the new issue of oracle magazine just launched focused on autonomous technology get the new issue here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatlist spam s revival is tied to adobe flash s demise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update libtcnative-1-0 suse-su-2016:2871-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt felixrieseberg i put windows 95 into an electron app that now runs on macos windows and linux it s a terrible idea that works s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fathom 2.4 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mysql-community-server opensuse-2018-844 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evancjensen hi evan we re always looking for things to improve in windows can you share more with us here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 python2 phsa-2018-1.0-0125 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 5 6 7 java-1.6.0-openjdk elsa-2017-0061 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer mshtml domimplementation type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_dpo ardikolah koganpage and another non-attribution of sources . there s another word for that i believe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion topic wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file incl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooks_donna for one option you could take a look at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome timeline extension removed over windows trademark infringement' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkruzel5 thanks for sharing mike how else is windows 10 helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress google map plugin amp amp lt 4.0.4 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pagekit 1.0.10 password reset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps web inspiration gallery script 1.0.0 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drjewest we re glad you think so are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rguice_writer that s music to our ears which windows apps and features are helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openstack nova cve-2017-7214 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for kent_cc the ability to rapidly scale service based on changing needs is essential oracleservicecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'organizations have struggled to continuously assess docker containers for vulnerabilities now there s a solution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google patches chrome bug that lets attackers steal web secrets via audio or video html tags' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 9 10 11 mshtml domimplementation type confusion e 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yvanyonaha looks great how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'love girl and angel are the most commonly used words for passwords a new research shows that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7039 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3711-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mybookjacket there may be a discrepancy between your pc and browser clocks please send us a note help wordpress.com so we can help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 glibc linux rsync curl photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0009 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux rsync phsa-2018-1.0-0132 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pgj1997 that s what we like to hear do any other features help you stay organized on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox 61.0.2 released with new automatic restore feature for windows mozilla has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peteraspsjo hey peter how are you settling in with windows 10 so far do you have any questions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity twitter verifies muslim brotherhood while expelling conservatives infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 openslp cesa-2018:2240' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'longtime acquisition exec kay ely to retire ely plans to work on efforts to merge office of personnel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linz_kerr hey there congrats on the super cool secured web browsing with firefox tried the new firefox sync it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'client for windows 2.0.1.11 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-145 microsoft edge browser security bypass 3204062' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation explo 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using rsync to back up your linux system find out how to use rsync in a backup scenario' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ddos attacks via wordpress now come with encryption kaspersky lab reports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity trojan downloader masquerades as defunct flash player for android infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'putting the ass in atlassian helpdesk email server passwords blabbed to strangers logins misdirected to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malware_traffic dvk01uk anyrun_app good question if i browse in chrome on an infected host the http traffic is posted near-rea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel tours script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft pushes out patches for critical flash player vulnerabilities helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome original release date june 13 2018 google has released chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 8.5.9 9.0.0.m15' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dociledeception hi there which version of windows are you using perhaps we can help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stregabella9 we re glad to hear the allison how have you been enjoing windows otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser a zero-day vulnerability in firefox infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebrown8534 hello elliott when did you first start to see the behavior perhaps we can help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firstnet makes space for bleeding-edge apps the nationwide broadband public safety network promises to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt offsectraining introducing fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2440 under certain circumstances sap dynamic authorization management dam by nextlabs java policy contr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities foreshadow ctx236548 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu app crash reporter bug allows remote code execution a security researcher has discovered a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter powered by studionet sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt treadstone71llc cyber intelligence tradecraft training lasvegasapril 2018 cse_cst gchq ncsc uscybercommand uscyberpolicy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker data security going from zero to hero vormetric' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stvemillertime bsi_presse in partnership with fireeye and nccic released a cool snort ruleset for detecting anomalous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerissathecat hmm you can access the chrome help center article from any browser if those steps are not helping' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:2404 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2010-4314 remote attackers can use the iprint web-browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter blog-software gravierender fehler in wordpress auto-update gefunden' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'towritetolive no worries they may be using the open source wordpress software but since anyone can download tha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress mailchimp 3.1.5 4.0.10 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hands-on solus linux and the budgie desktop zdnet solus supports both mbr and uefi firmware but not uefi s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache vulnerabilities spotted in openwhisk and tomcat news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7272 the graphics component in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and r2 sp1 windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perrywhiteart hi perry could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 plugin command injection exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pupuutc we have a few versions we re testing out if you cleared browser cookies or are using different devices connections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kobak7 excellent we love your support make sure to check out all the new features coming in the creators update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scmoracle yesterday s applications will only solve yesterday s problems cloud is the natural choice for the digital supply chain je' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ivyleaguewriter parasite http rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims privacy securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ransomware attacks targeted hundreds of mysql databases the isbuzz post the post ransomware attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4214-1 zookeeper security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schtobia in the meantime can you clear your browser cache and cookies then retry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'during their visit to cia coach dungy amp jb met with officers from cia s talent center to discuss opportunities amp c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security red hat jboss eap 5.2.x untrusted data deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mylobot malware targets windows pc for ddos trojan and keylogger attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc the brocon17 video shows why bro_ids is the ultimate blue team tool in fact bro data is soo good and useful i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s why you should never use autofill in your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several cybersecurity firms including mcafee have reported on activity from north korea s hacker army who has l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virus scan enterprise opens linux machines to remote attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3443 vulnerability in the oracle common applications component of oracle e-business suite s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sabre selects red hat openshift container platform to support its next generation platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability jrockit r28.3.12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mireillemoret facebook gave device makers deep access to data on users and friends hiding behind contractual restrictions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '33 000 databases fall in mongodb massacre cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt debusser protect your network from reconnaissance attacks samri10 windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms17-001 security update for microsoft edge 3214288 severity rating importantrevision note v1.0 januar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3151-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kittychocklit hi deo have you tried the steps in the article to help fix chrome crashes let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'egghunter buffer overflow for windows packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'picturebandit since your site is using the self-hosted version of wordpress and it is not hosted by us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libtomcrypt 2018-39e0872379 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component onismusic 2 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mupdf opensuse-2018-592' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your windows10 migration strategy leaving you vulnerable help net security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saenz_says google googlechrome facebook we already took action we removed the add-ons from the store and it wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter openstack up to 13.1.2 14.0.4 15.0.1 error level log password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17713 is now available here s whats new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 denial of service execute code memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleprofit without an oracle bi solution analyzing the amount of information is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update unixodbc suse-su-2018:1832-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to devops4sap consortia_cld iaasofficial devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium glsa-201701-65 oracle jre jdk multiple vulnerabilities synopsis multiple vulnerabilities have been fou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shreyashshett18 hey there we re glad you noticed are you enjoying any other new features in the windows 10 ap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4221-1 libvncserver security update nessus plugin id 110420 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jib new tool from google aims to make containers and java work better together by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rockwell automation rslinx classic lt 4.00.01 local privilege escalation nessus plugin id 110534 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthias_by always wondered if kerberos logging makes sense or not now i know better password spraying is the use case grea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bristol county da s office opens digital forensics lab forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1862011 thanks for noticing how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secin_lu without continual growth and progress such words as improvement achievement and success have no meaning. benja' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'holzfelix wordpress is the opensource software foundation the one that develops distributes and supports the s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webroot attends rsac 2017 feb 1 2017by levar battle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs predicts 14 security developments for 2017 helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dmofengineering it s 2:30 am.your pager just went off.roll 2d6 for how many new swear words your kids can teach their friends at school today.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba rhsa-2018:1860' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9313 security keys big_key.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 mishandles unsuccessful crypto registration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pc means more than personal computer run things your way with action center amp windows10 learn more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s un-hackable bitcoin wallet got hacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords for tens of thousands of dahua devices cached in iot search engine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia windows gpu display driver 34x.x lt 342.00 367.x lt 369.73 367.x lt 369.71 grid 375.x lt 375 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt noopkat tfw you solve a bug and you can then close approximately 20 browser tabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prmshkte010 that s amazing are any windows features or apps helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 git elsa-2018-1957' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'urban communications sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos apple safari lt 10.0.1 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jakeripp15 understood thanks for doing that for us the helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webroot announces integration with brightgauge the partnership will integrate webroot s real-time infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get browser speed you need without memory bloat.firefox runs 2x faster and uses 30 less memory than chrome free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian tomcat package multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2955 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gruvmanics ah okay we recommend checking out the latest windows features here let us know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'navetti pricepoint 4.6.0.0 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kymroars could you let us know what s going on with google chrome so that we could help keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability kernel 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress recent-backups plugin download-file.php arbitrary file download vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minecreatetime sounds epic what kind of windows device do you stream with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update aubio opensuse-2018-652' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to mount remote linux filesystem or directory using sshfs over ssh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown 3 things to remember when developing a marketing culture around agile thinking.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is encouraging its team members to follow their passions and get involved in their communities to make drea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities in first patch update of 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evacide researchers release an app that masks printer dots' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hancom office 2014 hangul hcell document heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking chrome to look more awesome i ve been playing around with a few of the hidden flags in the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tgreathouse10 we are sorry to hear about the windows update issues that you had faced with the dell system we wan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog growing trend dump data via credential stuffing just stuff in a bunch of password reuse from other breaches to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'willgregorian hi william just saw your tweet sorry to hear that you were disappointed with the response you rec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ifdate social dating script 2.0 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco network assistant 6.3.3 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to nginx edgelastic1 computercareon nginx wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber threats won t stop amp neither will we see how the windows10 creators update is making enterprise it safer:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'they don t even have passwords security experts warn computer hackers are able to tamper with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_barbiebri hi there what s your site s domain if you got an update notice you re likely using wordpress and ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018-07-23 malspam using password-protected word docs continues to push ranomsware 2018-07-23 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0164 remote memory corruption vulnerability int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified remote code execution vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2282-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securithid fucked if i know but i reckon it can t be that hard to crank out 500 words of crap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 3.4 ghostscript ovmsa-2017-0002' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dec 2016 patch tuesday caps off a record-breaking year for windows microsoft s dec 2016 patch tuesday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cmsenson hi christia is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343909 fixes dll and high cpu issues on windows 10 v1803' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a zero-day vulnerability is being exploited in the wild in targeted attacks against windows users in the middle ea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paulienuh gutenberg is not on yet but if you re using the open source wordpress software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.194 type confusion buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter less compiler prior 3.0 javascript compiler less.js privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qnap qcenter virtual appliance 1.6.x information disclosure command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6513 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2014-6513 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new office update for android with new features microsoft today released the july infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 password protected bind shellcode 825 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sh1nysn0w a_mrbenmitchell excellent we will be posting some details on our blog and updating our code please fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnome web browser is adding a reader mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isis is watching you is hacking team shares access to security cameras around the word i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some critical vulns six that can lead to rce being patched in adobe flashplayer the morning story to come.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spain s la liga app uses fans phones to detect illegal soccer broadcasts welivesecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4219-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'back to the basics the problem with forcing regular password expiry for many people and organizations infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'connorsayers4 thanks for the compliment how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nakedsecurity microsoft guy hey twitter office 356 skype teams and a bunch of other stuff is being rewritten in javas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3931 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity stop wasting time making the wrong passwords stronger infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how is the global privacy landscape being changed by gdpr peter lefkowitz of citrix explains' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday trademart 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cissp domain 7 refresh security operations even before the april 2018 revision by isc 2 domain 7 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome lt 68.0.3440.75 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 1br0wn . eu_commission targets european political groups data misuse with 5 fines and political microtargeting in membe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update icoutils opensuse-2017-104 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akamai netsession 1.9.3.1 csunsapi.dll privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-779-1 tomcat7 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ransomware just added new tricks to spread faster and infect windows xp pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5002 adobe flash player versions 29.0.0.171 and earlier have a stack-based buffer overflow vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6414 a buffer overflow vulnerability in the web server of some hikvision ip cameras allows an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mjhall hello firefox focus is a private browser easily erase your browsing history passwords bookmarks and cookies you can t mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 tiff image buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3195-1 nova-lxd vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kelloggbrengel we love your enthusiasm make sure to keep an eye on the windows blog for all the latest news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell hp lexmark brother printers vulnerable to attackers report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338825 windows 10 version 1709 july 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker breaches hola vpn chrome extension to go after cryptocurrency wallet site a hacker has breached a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco webex browser extension remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pin to your heart s content with the pinterest extension and microsoft edge the faster safer browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1860:01 low samba security and bug fix update an update for samba' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update phpmyadmin opensuse-2018-669' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sekirkity are you a red teamer been caught because you used a built-in windows tool like powershell or wmic that got signa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 10 remote attackers denial of service execute code overflow memory corrup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'algeria turns off its internet to keep students from cheating on exams algeria s blackout can be seen in oracle s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 gcc nghttp2 photonos-phsa-2018-1.0-0150 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd remote-code-execution vulnerability in mysql and its variants cve 2016-6662 dc596a17-7a9e-11e6-b034-f0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux encryption app cryptkeeper has universal password p and that should be the end of that shouldn infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soumikroy we love your excitement how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pixaal cms admin default password cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity busting the security myth should i use wordpress for my website robertabela' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2017-0003 microsoft word 2016 and sharepoint enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9728 ibm qradar 7.2 is vulnerable to sql injection ibm qradar 7.2 is vulnerable to sql injecti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-5626 remote security vulnerability mysql 5.7.14oracle mysql 5.7.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft removes device install limits for office 365 subscribers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14432 in the federation component of openstack keystone before 11.0.4 12.0.0 and 13.0.0 an authenticate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2893-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5196 chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a photo album gallery in wordpress without a plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple to deploy 1password to all 123 000 employees in talks to acquire password manager s parent-firm agilebits r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2059-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress popup by supsystic 1.7.6 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why i m switching from chrome to firefox and you should too' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-146 security update for microsoft graphics component 3204066 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8020 apache tomcat native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 has a flaw that does not properly check ocs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6672 information disclosure vulnerability in mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3.0 through 5.3.3 and 5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo syscoin github has been breached hacker replaced syscoin windows client with tainted version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop wasting time making the wrong passwords stronger much of the effort that goes into making passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap resolves multiple information disclosure flaws sap on tuesday released its set of security patches infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officer mitch permalink advertise on it security news read the complete article officer mitch infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers now selling windows av exploits in new zeronet marketplace the group calling itself infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update monit opensuse-2016-1339 poodle nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt offsec_ginger gxpn certified thanks sansinstitute sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity russian cyber espionage group turla leverages on a new javascript malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mozilla firefox thunderbird and nss opensuse-2016-1407' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms16-145 cumulative security update for microsoft edge 3204062 severity rating criticalrevision note v1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tivoli storage flashcopy manager for sql server 3.1.1.7 obtain information vulnerability ibm tivoli storage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt justinbrookman here s the letter we sent to the california legislature about ab 375 it does some really good things but it also' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2017-0045 windows dvd maker xml external entity file disclosure credits john page aka hyp3rlinx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to keep your passwords private' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion wordpress versions 4.9.6 and below suffer from an arbitrary f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rash cms 3.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to serverfault naveens16 malcaresecurity wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox 52 kills plugins except flash and runs up a red flag for http new browser also crumbs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle in aws a better way to make your dba happy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress comments import amp amp amp export plugin amp amp lt 2.0.4 csv injectio 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update tar opensuse-2016-1341' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco rushing to develop patch for insecure webex chrome extension carly page computing.co.uk latest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms next year infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'getgo download manager 6.2.1.3200 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vulnerable adobe extension downloads covertly to chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts clamav vulnerabilities usn-3722-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploit cve-2013-0657 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9416 sql injection vulnerability in the users data sql injection vulnerability in the users dat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'depoetic firefox should work on windows 10 can you explain what is wrong with it perhaps we can help nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vsphere data protection private ssh key authentication bypass vmsa-2016-0024 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore kick off 2017 with big savings on favorite games apps movies amp music in windows store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle admins faced with 270 fixes the quarter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2018-06-13-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows kernel object memory handling and initialization errors let local users obtain potentially sensitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking adobe patches 42 flaws in reader acrobat flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt youmaybehacked ventureflash you got 99 problems bud. phishing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung web viewer for samsung dvr cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10901 a flaw was found in linux kernel s kvm virtualization subsystem the vmx code does not restore the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin multiple vu fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cisco beers with talossecurity podcast is basically like bill nye but with cybersecurity and beer take a look behi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ruggerotonelli uupkeep nginx wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity five things that got broken at the oldest hacking event in the world infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko excellent footnote by the author of one of the more common real-time object detection systems overall it s a grea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control microsoft wireless display adapter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'librarianangie googlechrome hi do you use an anti-virus software jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceomcmxd we appreciate your honest feedback which apps did you end up getting from the windows store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 bind97 rhsa-2017:0064' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 7 gstreamer-plugins-bad-free elsa-2017-0018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bambino0710 krapans ruggerotonelli nginx infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blooburie sounds awesome brad we d love to hear your thoughts on windows 10 how is everything running for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe is force-feeding chrome plug-in with security fixes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent examples of vulnerability disclosure and handling process foibles and how to avoid them improving these' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thechrissmas hi christopher what makes you feel the way about windows we d love to learn more.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to better protect your whatsapp account with two-step verification 2sv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrbenninger we re happy to hear it are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2015-8966 arch arm kernel sys_oabi-compat.c in the linux arch arm kernel sys_oabi-compat.c in the li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5224 a timing attack on denormalized floating point arithmetic in svg filters in blink in google chrome p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital whisper electronic magazine 97 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6346 use after free local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress admin-font-editor plugin cve-2016-1000126 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity studies are nice but women in security say it s time for the next step infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. onelogin s new chief security officer justin calmus sumlac on the future of access surviving a breach by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re excited to be at black hat usa stop by our booth to pick up new colors of snorty to add to your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'big hard-to-solve problems by intel security mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jalenjbenton for help with plugins you need to ask in the wordpress forums' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pale moon browser use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to upload images in wordpress comments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kapustkiy hacked the national assembly of ecuador website the hacker broke into the backend of the www infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress phishing scams what every user needs to know wordpress powers 30 of the web and is by far infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vx search http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus plugin id 110557 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress fancybox for wordpress plugin full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday social news and bookmarking script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secguru_otx again discovering new sextortion scam emails they have increased the payment to 3200 the password has also be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla community surveys 4.3 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle fusion middleware multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data deny service and gai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to redirect your user s attention with comment redirect in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exagrid pure and veeam want it to march to their drumbeat flash array backup jungle receives a new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a privacy policy in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neos07 understood we re always hunting for new ways to refine windows have you shared your feedback and experien' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt w7voa israel launches two interceptor missiles in response to aerial threat from syria according to israeli broadcast reports.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6686 authentication bypass vulnerability in tpm autoboot in mcafee drive encryption mde 7.1.0 and above' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday naenara browser 3.5 redstar 3.0 desktop jackrabbit client-side command execution ex 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284880 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos adobe flash player 24.0.0.186 actiongeturl2 out-of-bounds memory corruption 2 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt venturebeat mcafee researchers falsify a patient s vital signs in real-time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq i kinda love how apts are living la vida linux to avoid threat intel companies because they re all windows shops b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0073 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bigpummgaming that s amazing we would love to hear your initial thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'certpa cert_tim phishing campaign on office 365 business users leverages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows shell cve-2018-8414 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itswesmody okay let s have you try these steps to fix network connection in windows 10 let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost poc code surfaces to exploit apache struts 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vx search http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security researchers at malwarebytes found a malware that specifically targets a vulnerability in flash player to t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sap_aws a little cost saving tip for you my saponaws friends:suse for sap applications r4.8xlarge 0.51 hr or 4 46' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2016:3044-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install lamp stack with phpmyadmin in ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0021-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt getsafeonline are you off on holiday soon either in the uk or abroad fantastic but you still need to getsafeonline when you r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable selinux on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newtube redirect removal how to restore your browser infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity flash exploit found in seven exploit kits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches password-related vulnerability scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2114-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5206 firejail before 0.9.44.4 when running on a linux kernel before 4.8 allows context-dependent attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default router password leads to spilled military secrets the hacker tried selling the us military files infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mariadb suse-su-2018:1781-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polarisforsure we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamjlong ah gotcha make sure to check out the latest features in windows 10 here how lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq cve-2016-8741 apache qpid broker for java information leakage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 kernel 2017-e6012e74b6 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0164 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player remains main target of exploit kits report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly uncovered tor browser exploit targeted dark web child porn site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jedifreaksaber hey there we love your enthusiasm are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3149-2 linux kernel trusty hwe vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 selinux permissive mode switcher shellcode 45 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last_atlanteans we re glad you re a fan jim how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wi-fi attack cracks wpa2 passwords with ease' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts python2.7 python3.2 python3.4 python3.5 vulnerabilities usn-3134-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'garth case has vision on the court and in business he s using ai to unlock new business scenarios and save employ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3815-1 wordpress security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps infected with umm windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off teslathemes premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday16 cost less than 0.60 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'literarynessie hi there there was a short-lived glitch that has been fixed log out of wordpress if you are logg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component gameserver 3.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 95 is now available as an app for windows macos and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos sierra 10.12 16a323 double vm_deallocate use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo announced that broadcom flaws were affecting many controllerchips found in lenovothinkpads discover what' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt usatodaytech microsoft battles back against popular office-messaging service slack by launching a free teams version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pasm linux assembler disassembler based on rasm2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft tells enterprises that windows 7 isn t fit for purpose' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14028 in wordpress 4.9.7 plugins uploaded via the admin area are not verified as being zip files the al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 't_bicks hey taylor check out the article about sharing your location in chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google unveils the vulnerability in internet explorer and edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twicezer0 yes the password was used on one not two ed related services.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser use after free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'omfggjb sounds fun to us are you using any particular windows 10 features to help you with your classes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-24 arbiitrary code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add google calendar in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to switch between different versions of commands in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ittousagi hi there have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozilla firefox thunderbird and nss opensuse-2016-1407' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost adobe issues over 100 patches for flash acrobat and reader' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. glennseninger gvp oracle supplychain sales welcomes oraclemsce attendees as he kicks off tonight s keynote.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 postgresql cesa-2018:2557 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap hana unspecified denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle mysql server 5.5.53 5.6.34 5.7.16 ddl denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'winmike64 that s fantastic mike we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mazedyer oh no check out the steps in the guide to repair chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java python ftp injections allow for firewall bypass cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2017:0004' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actions speak louder than words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp says backdoor claim bogus claims of a security hole in whatsapp s messenger app were shot infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seaotta hey there we re glad you re enjoying windows hello are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'palo alto networks pan-os 6.x.x lt 6.1.21 7.1.x lt 7.1.18 8.0.x lt 8.0.11-h1 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 firefox rhsa-2018:2113' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt appsruntheworld database utility becomes a reality with oracle s new migration tools and byol flexibility making oracle autonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eileen_1956 we currently don t have e-mail support could you confirm if you re signed into the same chrome profile on both devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft office multiple flaws let remote users bypass security obtain potentially sensitive inform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siddiqsazzad001 thanks for the kind words which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 55 extensions api pdf document url spoofing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-35 mozilla seamonkey multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a pinterest browser button leaked malformed code into any browser-based text editor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theappslab check out yuhuaxie s pac-man on a string project for oracle makerfaire oaux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical advisory support apache struts 2 vuln hpe fortify cve-2017-5638' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 year old bug with mesa patched helping multiple games gamingonlinux the is quite an amazing little fix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd14rap great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm kenexa lms on cloud cve-2016-8928 unspecified sql-injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s unhackable crypto-wallet allegedly hacked a week after challenge security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse is one of the older linux distros and has always been a strong player learn more from linux_spain:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 pki-core elsa-2018-1979 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'german state plans to migrate 13 000 workstations from linux to windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tnerysa it is happening oracle open world oowbr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps auction script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2018-11776 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 21 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql 5.5.52 execute code bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability oracle mysql 5.5.52 execute code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reports of forced windows 10 april updates under investigation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows exploitation and antiexploitation evolution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp 2.18.61 memory corruption whatsapp version 2.18.61 suffers from a memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt womenatforbes an interview with karen quintos chief customer officer of dell about how she got to where she is and what her adv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'code42 s data security platform reduces user downtime and costs for windows 10 migrations code42 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libtcnative-1-0 opensuse-2016-1375' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'planex cs-w50hd command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hacks4pancakes on second thought jester randomly revealing his identity while everyone was drunk at def con was about the most 20' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libass suse-su-2016:3107-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kjhiggins calm before the storm bhusa darkreadingnews s o sarapeters darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress templatic 2.3.6 file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 4a4133 ja3s has been pushed to github for bro ja3s is ja3 for the server hello the essentially allows for fingerprintin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking fbi offers some poor password advice for online shoppers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter arm processor mmu javascript information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dawnwaldron the editor works without any problems for me in that browser have you tried clearing the browser cach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2282-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.18.1 denial of service vulnerability home ask the team mailing lists advertising' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge adds webauthn as passwords near the end' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows mail client embedded url processing flaw lets remote users obtain potentially sensitive ip address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update slf4j opensuse-2018-601 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiredpix how interesting to help us better understand what make and model of windows device did the issue occur on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flavbibliophile oh no are you working in the browser or through an app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jakelefty1710 we thought you would like it have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 multi dual mode reverse shell shellcode 129 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'connected cars pose cyber security challenge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc avamar ads ave server detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle has fixed 270 security flaws in its products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do the cybersecurity experts from talossecurity stay ahead of the latest threats check out our original do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gagadirectionr directly if you need to make a complaint the wordpress software is free for anyone to use in whate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vpnfilter router malware targets more devices a few weeks ago news broke that sophisticated malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'change all your passwords right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joshbjb music to our ears how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity vulnerability dos exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mybb thank you like 3.0.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla dt register sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thdigitalreader are you referring to a site on our servers or to a wordpress installation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s solution to credssp encryption oracles is certainly interesting hands up who is having fun with remote desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brokenicry thanks for clarifying we d like to have one of our experts look into the for you in more details to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium glsa-201703-01 openoffice user-assisted execution of arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cdisp node::insert sibling node use-after-free 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka that s great are any other windows features or apps standing out to you right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '3 ways to meet oracle advanced customer services at oracleopenworld 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide to preventing blog content scraping in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'systemd offers some nifty tools for linux adminstration linux_spain has details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1767-1 moderate matrix-synapse infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3102 outside_in_technology vulnerability in the oracle outside in technology component of oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity intelligence officer answers ransomware with cybersecurity product infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smarmydolphin we re glad everything s running smoothly now let us know if it happens again how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'future filesilo stored your passwords in plaintext then got hacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft event viewer 1.0 xxe injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vinmenniti it sounds like you may be talking about a wordpress installation rather than a site hosted with us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter automating cyber threat intelligence with skyatp part two with splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox to end support for windows xp vista' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eventslf . vanjones68 will participate in a q amp a with linuxfoundation cmo jamiesmithlove next week at open source summit in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pikavoltss9 excellent choice we suggest checking out these tips to get more out of windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new yorkers our next meetup is the thursday in brooklyn we ll start with a brief intro on tor then our incomi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 perl-archive-tar 2018-10ae521efa nessus plugin id 110597 with high severity synopsis th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows ces2017 lgus has announced its 2017 lineup of lg gram laptops built for windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1949:01 moderate ansible security and bug fix update an update for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft experts launch anti-recon tool for windows 10 server 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux pam 0.6.9 authentication replay vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware security advisory 2018-0015 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google chrome microsoft edge and mozilla firefox engage in a battle for supremacy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 cracklib glibc httpd libevent libgcrypt phsa-2017-0013 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin revision increment for december 2016 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cabbidges hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase get to the winning goal with smarter dataplaying is fun but winning is better score like a pro by making smarter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'build virtual reality experiences in your browser with webvr and a-frame learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kid_michi very cool be sure to check out all the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aiengine 1.9.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player for mac lt 23.0.0.207 multiple vulnerabilities apsb16-39' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 libvirt elsa-2018-1929 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raekuul hi tim how are things running for you at the moment we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe php flaw threatening wordpress sites remains unpatched after a year despite the availability of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ishansoni18 bantu_tech wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jay5026 we re so thrilled that you re a fan how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5548 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase learn directly from accenture experts about testing methodology and results that enable them to deliver more data i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bind and reverse shell js code generator for server side javascript injection ssji in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kalilinux kali 2018.3 released with an updated kernel lots of tool updates and new tool additions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qm_ssj4 i mean you should check on a default install windows 10 box the exploit works and it shouldn t as use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft office powerpoint 2010 gdi gdi32 convertdxarray insufficient bounds check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does facebook even need a cso on august 1 facebook s chief security officer cso alex stamos posted infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome desktop update mends 36 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paypal-hacker fake hacking tool and password surve as re-captcha we need to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'companies need to be very very careful implementing sap i ve seen so many over the years go off the rails includi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t fall for the malware campaign that targets google chrome users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2008 elevation gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 creators update to bring new windows defender security center' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update xen opensuse-2017-5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka that s fantastic we suggest checking out the latest windows features here how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2583 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap trex 7.10 execute code vulnerability sap trex 7.10 execute code vulnerability5 nov 2016 summary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ars technica risk assessment reported backdoor in whatsapp is in fact a feature defenders say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 kernel euleros-sa-2018-1153 nessus plugin id 110617 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers capitalizing on unpatched wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 cumulative updates kb4340917 kb4338817 and kb4338827 released microsoft has released a new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft com for windows privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi u.s government indicts two russian fsb officers over yahoo hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paulinfosec great tip paul are you enjoying any other time-saving shortcuts in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the number of ics attacks continues to increase ics hacking scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 thunderbird cesa-2018:2252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 365 having login and activation issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec powered by studionet sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux reverse shell shellcode 66 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avira cosmos bank cyberheist is contributed to lazarusapt via securityaffairs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss enterprise web server 2.1 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2482-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt linclark dns has been leaking parts of your browsing history since the beginning of the web here s what we re doing in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kama click counter plugin up to 3.4.8 on wordpress wp-admin admin.php order_by order sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress photo plugin opens a million sites to sqli database feasting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 patch rhsa-2018:2092' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibroloye woo that s what we love to hear do you have a favorite feature yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcstraight hmm okay we suggest learning how to change column settings in windows explorer here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the unbroken litany of distrust in which jonathan m gitlin writing at ars technica describes actions infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sergioaa06 we re glad to hear it how is the rest of you windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2good2btrue beware of the criminals out to ruin your holidays does that flash sale offer on a holiday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows vista gain privileges vulnerability the kernel-mode drivers in microsoft windows vista sp2 wind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-29 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pinkmoonlight8 please email passwordhelp wordpress.com with any details you do have and we can take a look but we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xfinity gateway remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ttrendz01 what is the site url and what categories need added to the menu you can email us at help wordpress.com if you prefer.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl5.x sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome bug opens access to private facebook information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2018-2940 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress form maker 1.12.24 xss csrf sql injection wordpress form maker plugin versions 1.12.24' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 ruby 2018-a459acd54b nessus plugin id 110389 with high severity synopsis the remote fed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home speakers and chromecast are down worldwide company confirms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is windows shimcache a threat hunting goldmine helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three serious linux kernel security holes patched zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'irish flash extender startup goes 3d navigator and pathfinder beget aviator flash drive life extender infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2439 the sap internet graphics server igs 7.20 7.20ext 7.45 7.49 7.53 has insufficient request val' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter created by brandon amp hakobyans sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc slings patch at remote hack nonce-nse smells like 2010 remote attackers can hose emc hybrid flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 procps-ng alas-2018-1031 nessus plugin id 110448 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link tl-wr841n v13 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damianobroin daraghobrien laurie_winkless askdirect bernardrossmc made my day . thanks all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity adobe fixes critical code execution bugs in flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips to prevent office 365 data loss as a result of ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln trend micro serverprotect for linux unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5638 new remote code execution rce vulnerability in apache struts 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3150-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts curl vulnerability usn-3710-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rashidafandiyev wow that s amazing which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component jomwall 4.0 wuid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aaronmargosis announcing the pre-release v0.9 of aaronlocker: robust and practical application whitelisting for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sign in with just a smile using windows hello in windows10pro discover all the ways we make work work better:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclepartners congratulations to kpmg_us on its oracle cloud elite status amp thank you for your investment.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity flash player remains main target of exploit kits report infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings project zero chrome os exploit one byte overflow and syml see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ultimate product catalog 4.3.11 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'burnettski92 hi jeff could you check if you re able to see your saved passwords here go to gt settings gt advance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter traps named a visionary in gartner s magic quadrant for endpoint protection platforms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crazykittehcat hi rachel have you tried the steps in the guide to fix chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ucwindowsguy we have a few options what do you think of the nuvision tm800w610l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 java-1.8.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2253' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thekaybz at a restaurant today:kev what is your wifi password server well today is only my first day at the location' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jendaviswilson hey jen we re glad you re enjoying paint 3d are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt andymgreen68 city of thieves zx spectrum fan art loading screen based on the excellent fighting fantasy gamebook of the same' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3174-1 mysql vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordfence warns of a huge increase in brute force attacks on wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge adds webauthn as passwords near the end microsoft s edge browser has finally joined infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers discovered a flaw in microsoft s cortana for windows 10 machines that allows them to navigate browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure bug put red hat instances at risk infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 denial of service execute code memory corruption vulnerability microsoft internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'managing containers using docker client add these commands to your toolbox by techgenix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakntime we re glad to hear it which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how microsoft windows defender atp exposes raw events and how to query them efficiently mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9415 mybb aka mybulletinboard before 1.8.8 on windows and mybb merge system before 1.8.8 on windows all' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cbrocas ail workshop will be given at passthesaltcon by sami mokaddem from circl_lu on tuesday july 3rd join us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser use after free vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8735 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity access to airport s security system sold on dark web mcafee tip techmeme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 11.2.202.626 bypass a restriction obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'really good advice about windows api errors and checking them force every windows developer you know to read the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you have been using nessus cloud the evolution to tenableio vulnerability management is seamless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rokthetank looks slick we love the blue lighting do you use windows for anything other than gaming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge virtual registry incomplete fix the handling of the virtual registry for desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 jboss core services rhsa-2017:0194 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore recore 50 off for limited time on windows10 get it now and help save mankind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear r7000 command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter post office broadband hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new sextortion scheme uses users old password for blackmailing by carolina the sextortion campaign infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project releases sandboxed tor browser 0.0.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atilano_jaime fantastic does windows 10 help you accomplish and daily tasks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update tar suse-su-2016:2896-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln openstack nova cve-2017-7214 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re excited to welcome theissethsblog to wordpress subscribe here for news and updates from acclaimed author' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2332-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl6.x i386 x86_64 spectre nessus plugin id 111002 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome os local privilege escalation vulnerability google chrome os local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linuxdotcom serves up the latest in open source news spoiler fedora 25' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3725-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 botan2 2018-98ab6b4e56 nessus plugin id 111016 with high severity synopsis the remote f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2999 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earlier have an exploitable memory corruption vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'overcoming some spectre browser mitigations poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'delphine_blu what is your site s address please try viewing your site in incognito in chrome that should trigger the post to publish.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0391 denial of service vulnerability cisco prim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcomdgt we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly have you seen any of the new features in the windows 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat ceph cve-2016-9579 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lmontoya usando _wpscan para sacar vulnerabilidades en wcirun wordpress tomycant wpirun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle great views great friends and a great game of football that s lifeatoracle oracle_mx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanricafort blind-xss in chrome experiments google write you googlevrp and krzysztof' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft rushes out windows 10 wifi fix in time for patch tuesday infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4266-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-24 arbiitrary code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high rhsa-2016:2923 openstack-cinder and openstack-glance security update problem description updated opensta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu transport layer security library 3.3.26 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ccb10vt thanks for your loyal support what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegaymagneto just to confirm which browser is the occurring in let s see if we can sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsmeanitab howdy you can send us an email to help wordpress.com.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1607 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starswhispering thank you so much your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nca_uk senior investigating officer jo goodall of the nca s national cyber crime unit said we want to make those young' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the brotherhood of steel are in london' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more states appoint chief privacy officers to protect people s data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rswestmoreland working on getting some examples up asap.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ngo website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug topic chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug risk medium text:chrome v8 a bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1288 in apache kafka 0.9.0.0 to 0.9.0.1 0.10.0.0 to 0.10.2.1 0.11.0.0 to 0.11.0.2 and 1.0.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsashortthing excellent do you have a specific price range you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'getting past the buzzwords on innovation if the army s new futures command is going to be a success the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec complain management system sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 linux reaches end of life on december 20 2016 upgrade to fedora 25' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thinking about using docker w jenkinsci we got your back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stephaniemhanna hi stephanie just to confirm have you followed these steps to download amp install chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in encryption push chrome flags http sites as not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 55 fixes flaws blocks flash hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 plugin csv injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases security updates for flash player but two disclosed flaws remain unpatched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therealmrsteez that s great how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'douginroc hi doug we agree have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle named a leader in the ovum decision matrix selecting an enterprise mobile application development platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps splunk 6.1.1 referer header cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re creating specific outcomes for specific business problems says oracle ceo markvhurd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft windows uniscribe font processing heap-based out-of-bounds read wri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karena_patters hi the site you reference is a self-hosted wordpress install the support forum for those is at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking python_gdork_sqli find sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'index vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a buggy firefox browser extension for sharing links to pinterest has automatically injected malformed code into a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp tips how hackers can gain access to your account and how to prevent it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mbls flex cms 0.7.2 sql injection cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2179-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixes six code execution bugs in flashplayer patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7875 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 reasons why we use sucuri to improve our wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powershell 5.1 for windows 7 and later' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat network satellite cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attention windows10 users time to update your devices read up on the new cortana vulnerability via garyjdavis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera crypto is a browser-based ethereum wallet for smartphones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday march 20th 2017 mon mar 20th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hanspeterholzer haha the wordpress one is a staple of spray and pray' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft brings collaborative editing to powerpoint on desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3145-2 linux kernel trusty hwe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trillian 6.1 build 16 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp 2.18.61 memory corruption exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 redis vim phsa-2018-2.0-0070 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco firepower management center 4.10 execute code sql injection vulnerability cisco firepower management cent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi whatsapp users targeted by homoglyph attack peddling free tickets to theme park' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting topic wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hyounpark with oracle s autonomous db the two promises i m most interested in are:1 50 cheaper to run than amazon will' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'which name was originally proposed for windows windowstrivia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libreoffice opensuse-2018-942 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201806-08 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0109 remote code execution vulnerability discoveredmarch 14' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ixiacom threat hunting in a scalable way bro ids bro_ids and ixiacom cloudlens part 2 in a blog series by kris raney.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dellcam federal officers impersonate local cops in immigration busts neither the nypd nor its largest union respond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house looks to overhaul the security clearance process the plan would strip the office of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recon_red well in the absence of evidence to the contrary we sort of have to take them at their word if you hav' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 xdg-user-dirs alas-2018-1030 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle issues emergency java security patch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k4y1s hey there what makes you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to linuxaria tommykolega bitsage devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics stumped by files of interest from android and ios devices not rooted or jailbroken explore the updated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katebevan macworlduk hancocksapp looks positively saintly in comparison' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt myhackerhouse waynetrackerag hackerfantastic we ask everyone to have a basic understanding of linux and to try our free course' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update dovecot22 opensuse-2016-1342' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleugs news on the application unlimited lifetime support policy the oracle lifetime support policy provides you with con' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rougbaisers hello please try clearing your browser cache and then re-enter your login details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the se ntence 'office365 fake login page remove it from your pc and browser the article has been created to explain infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate list of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jhoannereigns we re happy to hear that jhoanne what kind of work do you use windows to do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seanwithersdraw understood which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat patches important security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix openssh advisory openssh_advisory9.asc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclembx has been all about innovation today we ve seen some inspiring sessions so far are you ready for what s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3152-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'max_hoffmann hi maximilian what error message do you see when you try to open a new tab in chrome let us know amp we ll be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update thunderbird on sl5.x sl6.x sl7.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt linuxthor quick demo of a rudimentary memory profiling tool using ld_preload stores malloc free operations in an sqlite d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t miss the talk at blackhatevents from the folks who secure chrome what s under the hood and what s not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to kakroo wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nh_tweet hmm try browsing in incognito mode amp check if you re still experiencing the issue keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat network satellite cross site scripting vulnerability cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in spacewalk-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the keynote cyber visionary stuart mcclure explores the future ai vs ai to reveal a key strategy extend the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk demands encryption backdoor as london terrorist used whatsapp before the attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bradford_morton sansapac excellent congratulations thank you for trusting us for your cyber security training n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrewlr15 do you have any questions about windows 10 that we can help you answer andrew let us know we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm security access manager for web sql injection cve-2016-3046' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hacksysteam a collection of javascript engine vulnerability trigger pocs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt athertonkd i ve been collecting fragments but there s a broader story here about the incendiary balloons and anti-drone kites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8824 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jlwallen looks at the best linux distributions for 2017 according to task' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news hacking ubuntu linux distro exploiting the crashdb code injection issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mcabber opensuse-2017-282' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component com_digistore cid parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami ant alas-2018-1047 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jesusprubio i ve just pushed a new release 3.1.0 of the shodanhq client for nodejs d javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'y-ppa-manager easily add remove and purge ppas in ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for outlook august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9774 the postinst script in the tomcat6 package before 6.0.45 dfsg-1 deb7u4 on debian wheezy before 6.0.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s democrats securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exilezavier right on have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts clamav regression usn-3722-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2283-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter your password recovery questions are insanely easy to hack and you might be to blame' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle admins faced with 270 fixes the quarter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms17-021 security update for windows directshow 4010318 severity rating importantrevision note v1.0 ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel multiple denial of service vulnerabilities linux kernel multiple denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation the activator for desktop bridge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'e107 2.1.2 cross site request forgery cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trainercole_3 hi there we re glad you re a fan which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver xml external entity information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'according to our chief marketing officer allison dew a new era of human-machine partnership is almost here is yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec devilart s.c sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper server detection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cobbr_io you ve heard of the powershell download cradle how about a .net assembly download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp vulnerability allows attackers to alter messages in chats researchers from checkpoint have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'data misuse it s facebook s raison d tre the latest ad campaign is a farce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'miqueleddie excellent we think the cyberpower warrior may be a great match let us know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'next day morning he searched windows mass hacking kali linux and find 0days in web applications then jumpi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rapid7 s brown and beardsley address iot security issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts rce flaw lets hackers take over web servers thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ticketbleed f5 tls vulnerability malware update icloud retaining deleted browser history podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity corporate office 365 users hit with clever phishing attack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithlovemovies cache one more time could be a connection issue that was since resolved but chrome is checking cached info not new.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_donadams have you seen the new focus assist feature in windows 10 focus assist helps you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploring powershell amsi and logging evasion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 't__barz make sure to rush b are you playing any other games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lukolejnik california with new data privacy regulation the words risk and impact assessment are not used but the word p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_hima17 awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7262 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts nasm vulnerabilities usn-3694-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libgit2 opensuse-2017-213' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3151-4 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 freetype2 gnutls linux tar phsa-2017-0015 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers blame monolithic linux code base for critical vulnerabilities threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-2161 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle as in the internet continues to grow and evolve companies are figuring out ways to deal with increasing volatility' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'l_aitken thanks for your loyal support what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protecting linux devices with verified boot from rom to userspace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome s sudden removal of metamask allowed phishing app to take over briefly infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vysecurity red tip 327 hashcat doesn t run through special characters if you use a 3 for passwords of length lt 6 use a 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami java-1.7.0-openjdk alas-2018-1037 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers hack whatsapp accounts through ss7 protocol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts jakarta multipart parser ognl injection exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntpd 4.2.7.p22 4.3.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-site request forgery amp cross-site scripting in contact form manager wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazingeagle23 what do you think about the dell inspiron it is great a multitasking and browsing the web.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2016-3648' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. markvhurd on oracle s q4 results read more on zdnet cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jjshurte hey there is there anything we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sentinelone cybersecrobert vessonsecurity jeremiahg pfirstbrook funny way to apologise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk home office published a tool to crawl your git logs for stored creds devsecops ncsc ukhomeoffice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nhs hospitals putting data at risk with outdated windows xp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4234-1 lava-server security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link tl-wr841n v13 command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter viral image and video sharing gagzone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libcares2 suse-su-2016:3286-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress content injection flaw makes xss bug more severe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft enterprise human capital management candidate gateway 9.2 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa exploit doublepulsar patched to work on windows iot systems security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin jibu pro 1.7 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db zx_csv upload 1 authenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap netweaver 2004s remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elijace updates help keep your device safe and secure you can always check the windows 10 update history here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the rise of mylobot mysterious new windows malware wants to add your pc to a botnet or worse it s exact int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.10 linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3190-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter advantech webaccess 8.1 sql injection cve-2017-5154' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sundevileric hey eric nothing makes us happier than the words full scale multi-channel multi-service swing by booth g for a chat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2012 r2 gain privileges vulnerability windows server 2012 r2 gain privileges v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 7.0.x lt 7.0.31 use after free arbitrary code execution in exif nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash adobeflash avc processing out-of-bounds read exploit cve-2018-12827 dos exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb17-08 security update available for adobe shockwave player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apt28 at the center of the storm on jan 6 2017 the u.s director of national intelligence released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce joomla com_blog_calendar sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10881 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2018-10881 l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3190-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looking to get certified as an openstack admin or a linux sysadmin check out some awesome deals and discounts s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1709 child process restriction mitigation bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xorowl saw the excellent work enhance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '6 reasons why linux users switch to bsd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1477-1 libgit2 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee application control 6.x lt 6.2.0.567 7.0.x lt 7.0.1.275 unauthorized ioctl use local privilege' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft july security updates mostly browser-related darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ripstech are you a wordpress plugin developer we are happy to announce coderisk a platform that details security risks o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud is your biz sharing data in the eu and globally if so the gdpr checklist is for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers are using old microsoft office vulnerabilities to distribute felixroot and steal files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ahnafmahmud99 thanks ahnaf how has your time with windows been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 glibc shadow systemd wget phsa-2017-0023 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3741-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft pushes out patches for critical flash player vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for internet explorer july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings new windows trojan spreads mirai malware to hack more iot d see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'old linux kernel code execution bug patched a local race condition vulnerability in the af_packet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'say hello to wordpress 4.7 vaughan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatlist business email compromises way up for q2 hardest hit were organizations using office 365 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update mono-core suse-su-2016:2958-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bizarre chrome and firefox flaw exposed facebook details nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-day exploits could wreak havoc on linux desktops researcher reveals 0-day linux exploit leveraging infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new cortana bypass bug found if you think your win10 screen lock is effective think again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft offers extended support for windows sql 2008 but with a catch an extra three years of patches infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thezeist the java type system is broken' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3689-2 libgcrypt vulnerability libgcrypt could be made to expose sensitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'databroker exactis databreach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla com_phocadownload component id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb database exposes more than 2 million mexican patients' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284860 windows 10 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110489 with high severity synopsis t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5193 google chrome prior to 54.0 for ios had insufficient validation of urls for windows ope' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons waiting on package from rusolut but getting sec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pixaal cms admin default password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8404 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when the win32k component fails to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking mcafee internet security 2017 works just the same but looks very different review updated for new ui' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberattack on sundance briefly shutters box office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is it incongruent to be uncomfortable about alexa listening to my every word even though i ve had an android phone for years why or y not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian confluence 5.9.12 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2162-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password managers please make sure autofill is secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chesapeake public schools warn about data breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gossithedog i know you e spent a lot of time learning about locking down windows and i ve never actually used one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation feature for 99 of chrome desktop users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fix buggy patches and slow down windows 10 updates demands patching admin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huawei ensp buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'block adverts delete flash kill java asd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripwireinc phishing attack uses punycode to try to steal office 365 credentials via dmbisson infosec secur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity three serious linux kernel security holes patched infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you took the words out of our mouth robertomoralesc thanks for playing everyone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display yelp reviews on your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 0-day pops up out of nowhere twitter theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icmusic cms 1.x sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2583 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 plugin csv injection vulnerability webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dicker_uio ah okay let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6683 exploiting incorrectly configured access control security levels vulnerability in mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt weirdguyxp netwars cyberdefense i placed 13th out of 169 players good times sansfire sansfire2018 netwarscyberdefense' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq erpscan-17-005 oracle peoplesoft xss vulnerability cve-2017-3300' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joe_sunga thanks for the info let s try clearing the chrome app cache and see if that helps here s how go to se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows enterprise mode site list 1 2 xml injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sheppepharis that s an excellent choice how long have you been using edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts openjdk-6 vulnerabilities usn-3154-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mysql cve-2017-3305 man in the middle security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows .library-ms information disclosure vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm read 0 buf 0xff stager execve bin sh null null shellcode 28 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after targeting linux mirai botnet is here to hack your windows devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to manage unsandboxed plugins on your chromebook tired of chrome os asking you if you want to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to xme nginx wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5578 remote security vulnerability oracle fusion middleware cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'airgapping a macbook air a broadcom15700a2 mystery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component community polls 4.5.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows task manager contains local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an autosave in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is committed to csforall investing in resources for students and teachers worldwide.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0275-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kylebaquiran thanks for sharing with us which windows features are you currently enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday august 17th 2018 fri aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network dailymotion hack leaks emails passwords of 87m users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle one of the perks of lifeatoracle watching the warriors with coworkers from a suite jcabalu242' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts apt vulnerability usn-3746-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the sunday is nationaldogday amp we d love to see photos of your dog tweet at oracle and netsuite with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday december 2nd 2016 fri dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter my php dating 2.0 id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upstart data wrangler raises 25 million to take on ibm hpe and splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hellounip hi abdurrahman have you tried uninstalling updates and updating chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netcat vs cryptcat remote shell to control kali linux from windows machine infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polarisoffice 2017 v8 remote code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7281 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sb18-218 vulnerability summary for the week of july 30 2018 original release date august 06 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases two new windows 10 previews and almost aligns their features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bethesda sues warner bros calls its westworld game blatant rip-off of fallout shelter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn more about basic docker operations ask apium_hub dynomitedb or hacking_code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial linux-aws vulnerabilities usn-3741-2 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous hacktivist barrettbrown released from prison' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-2583 the load_segment_descriptor implementation in arch x86 kvm emulate.c in the linux kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cakehasvitamins ah understood how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in cisco webex chrome plugin cisco webex chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonathankoren did not know google does that but you re right your site does appear to have wordpress 4.7.2 already i m guessing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chestacreations music to our ears which windows features are you enjoying at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity twitter verifies muslim brotherhood while expelling conservatives infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do web injections exist for android man-in-the-browser mitb attacks can be implemented using various infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mandriva fork mageia 5.1 lets users install the linux os on nvme-based drives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 plexus-archiver elsa-2018-1836 nessus plugin id 110505 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thelukebrewer that s music to our ears how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 moin 2016-cde4525fab nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp denies existence of backdoor for government snooping' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local use after free multiple denial of service vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco cbr series converged broadband routers cve-2017-3824 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update systemd opensuse-2017-150' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dr_jeans hi there have you tried clearing cache cookies select all time.. amp then re-adding passwords to chro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle quarterly critical patches issued july 17 2018 rss generated with fetchrss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hey everyone linux turns 27 today happy birthday linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quality material dedicated instructors and a relentless passion for excellence see us in action at one of our up' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security blog get serious about data protection to secure mongodb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xdude open mongodb money 4 bad pplmongo3l1t3 sigaint.org 1j4ocbecbantwjlsxlfie7iwjmjghdzgb 193.107.145.20 seen:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium rhsa-2017:0462 java-1.8.0-ibm security update problem description an update for java-1.8.0-ibm is now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pstanleyking hi there for more info on the we suggest you post your query on our chromebook central help forum.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5588 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abrivicious hey there we would love to help which version of windows are you currently using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4161 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome is using 10-13 more ram to fight spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt suyashcjoshi inspiring stories from our leaders today oraclechanginglives at employee summit day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledx hear from lindner_juergen vp oracle cloud applications product marketing and amohindr vp oracle cloud for th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news cert tells microsoft to keep emet alive because it s better than win 10 s own security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. zachnelson s cloud lesson 5 change is the only constant make sure you can change the system and enable customization oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection campaign uses .js file fake plug-ins to send victims to scam sites scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evading autoruns pocs on windows 10 windows10 poc pentest hacking infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4218-1 memcached security update nessus plugin id 110386 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ericgeller peter strzok who led the fbi s investigation of russian election meddling did not like the cyber division per te' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress tagregator 0.6 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenaciousfemini thanks please send us a note help wordpress.com so we can take a closer look.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy birthday gnome 8 reasons to love the linux desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ansible 2018-b619637e45 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new sextortion scheme uses victims real password for blackmailing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg hacker breaches chrome extension of popular vpn service hola directs users to compromised cryptocurrency website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chetwisniewski literally my first thought rodman and mcafee.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine 1.4 0.908 sponsor portal sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internetburo sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'before that he checked another hidemyass one then he downloaded bangbros configs for sentry then started crackin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pegasusepsilon infosec_thn 4 you don t right recipes for the 0.1 cases5 when u find those you adapt the code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome font wasn t found malware targets windows users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt patrickgage yay autopoietic just presented excellent work from google on how women in india pakistan and bangladesh think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus the instances show the windows store app rendering html using the microsoft edge engine. possible xss attacks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'divotdoggie you re welcome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7276 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter when it comes to security android is the new windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vce vision intelligent operations up to 2.6.4 plug-in for vmware vcenter weak encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases security update for flash player libraries' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keighley_kay hi keighley what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter libreoffice 5.1.6 5.2.2 5.3.0 calc writer information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8646 the hash_accept function in crypto algif_hash.c in the linux kernel before 4.3.6 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow poc exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware windows 10 users zacinlo malware will bombard you with ads and spy on you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ercinfilizli hi there have you tried the steps in the article to speed up chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update pacemaker on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6681 abuse of functionality vulnerability in the web interface in mcafee network security management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking microsoft edge to block flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gavinesler thank you profbriancox the damage now and the divisions are so deep that any government solution is likely to pl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows insider build 15031 for pc adds dynamic lock and compact overlay windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'audiojungle clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle hyperion flaws let remote users access data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parisellis92 or if you re managing the site the wordpress forums are super helpful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 qt3 2018-0a0da2f3b7 nessus plugin id 110425 with medium severity synopsis the remote fedora host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'architektz great your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schneider electric bmx p34 cpu b open redirect packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proofpoint cloud account defense detects compromised microsoft office 365 accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the huawei bugs include two javascript object notation json injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch esa-2018-07 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'morakdais oh yes the is a windows 10 feature let us know if you ever want to upgrade how long do your streams usually last' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity computer security mcafee 1800 844 0887 mcafee antivirus tech support phone number mcafee infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud oracle was awarded as the best cloud computing provider by v3 congratulation to our colleagues of oracle uk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about realtime linux and the preempt_rt patch via jan altenberg in the lfelc video' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2164 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers selling http remote access trojan via weaponized word documents in underground market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec php forum script 3.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'complex passwords one way to deter computer hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter magnicomp sysinfo prior 10-h64 on linux unix command line environment variable privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome googlechrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals expl 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no hardware license or dba no problem developers can access any oracle software via the cloud says thomas kurian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress pie register plugin amp lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secureitlab recent wordpress vulnerability used to deface 1.5 million pages. internetsecurity cyberattacks cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.10.2 system call kernel ucount.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 control center maybe still in development based on screenshot in ms store a screenshot of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timxcode hi tim just checking in how s everything running for you now we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday domains amp amp hostings manager pro 3.0 entries parameter sql injection vulner 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acverg hi there have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes or freezes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86_64 mkdir shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kvm suse-su-2016:2902-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm read 0 buf 0xff stager execve amp amp quot bin sh amp amp quot nul 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 libvirt elsa-2018-1929' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-9592 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook bb 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coin miner malware samples grew to 2.9 mn in q1 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nkvez what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1815-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker office 201x privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft reports new subscribers for office 365 plunged 62' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp telegram security flaw could have let hackers control accounts fixes issued' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hereshavi no worries you can see all the new features in windows 10 here let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-144 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 firefox rhsa-2016:2843 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkruzel5 excellent thank you for your support your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the benefits of microsoft365 security services are universal and easily integrate into your broader it ecosystem.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player multiple flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information bypass security restri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook we re glad you like it let us know if you have any questions with the setup we re always here to help if needed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1794-1 important redis an update that fixes two vulnerabilities is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dealing with inventive malware exploits in excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malcomvetter i just published .net process injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah windows x64 password protected bind shellcode 825 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update policycoreutils suse-su-2017:0340-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove onlinemapfinder browser extension the article aims to help you with the removal of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2016:3048-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaittebooks we re thrilled you re a fan which other features have you been enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 upgrade vulnerability makes any pc super easy to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brandyellen we re glad you re a fan brandy how have you been enjoying the rest of your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chaseraz how odd let s have you try the windows app troubleshooter let us know if the changes the performance.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5548 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metalmonkey2nd hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'agshanachie hmm we d like to have one of our experts look into the further could you post the in the chrome fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 5 6 7 thunderbird cesa-2016:2825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity need someone to help create slides asap for a computer security course infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hintbw we re happy to hear it brett have any other features caught your eye in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news windows 10 will soon have a very different security system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla aweb cart watching system for virtuemart 2.6.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current php ssa:2018-201-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux.horsepill latestthreats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4234-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm read 0 buf 0xff stager execve amp quot bin sh amp quot nul 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwned passwords v3 is now live' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacking u.s. democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2960 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lindhartsen are you enjoying windows 10 so far chris we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.194 buffer overflow cve-2017-2988' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap trex 7.10 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla jomsocial component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vk_intel malwrhunterteam nice find checks for windows locale code gt 1049 russian with usual process kill vssadmin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps soundify 1.1 tid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wa police commissioner at odds with union over push for more officers forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt inquest microsoft released a powershell front-end for the windows debugger engine dbgshell on github sounds like a helpf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the doesn t make it easier and i don t buy the excusepermitting people to copy paste passwords makes it more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3426 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-37 multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to merge and bulk edit categories and tags in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'speed up your mysql-based apps and retain customers with netapp cloud volumes service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown it takes more than a title to be a marketing leader' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote code execution rce attacks on apache struts imperva' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3161-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9962 race condition in docker engine before 1.12.6 might allow local root users in a container to gain pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tstout97 thanks for clarifying could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if the pages are loading fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 java-1.7.0-ibm rhsa-2017:0337' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity new windows scam targeting computers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to require featured images for posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter busines information security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7281 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avea_prosper thanks for confirming have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd security advisory freebsd-sa-18:10.ip packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov quttera apache_security wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install minimal ubuntu on your old pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about exam insurance and other features of the open source certification process from the linux foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1821-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update openssl suse-su-2018:2486-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity schneider data center monitoring product leaks passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bainesy1969 tim2040 igwales oddly i just noticed the email notification i got about the mpn from ico press office came from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tarah splunk i see you ve added splunk to your autocorrect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox zero-day can be used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brostalgia hello thanks for your patience are you back online after the update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business one cve-2018-2425 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter tor browser use after free vulnerability topic tor browser use after free vulnerability risk hi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft word 2007 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 28 mariadb security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.4.2 csrf vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openstack ocata announced then briefly withheld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5220 pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cortana hack lets you change passwords on locked pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-004 security update for local security authority subsystem service 3216771 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realrockaut googlechrome vivaldibrowser hi there is no bookmark api that manages the dates all it is possible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to handle a cyber storm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts qemu update usn-3679-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows device guard flaw lets local users bypass security restrictions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft reveals which windows bugs it might decide not to fix theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elreychopper understood just to confirm were you able to see anything listed under bookmarks in your chrome dashboard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the chrome extension that firesheeps you by choice nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vivaldi 1.5 becomes the first browser that can control your home s smart lights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1444-1 vim-syntastic security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new sextortion scheme uses victims real password for blackmailing by carolina the sextortion campaign infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kromtech new research kromtech security center found 17 malicious docker images stored on docker hub for a year by pushin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'admin password leaks webkit hsts abuse protection coeverity compromise webhook payment insecurity podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital attackers have seized upon lots of microsoft office vulnerabilities uncovered in the past year and are now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting topic wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site script' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checklist 15 things you must do before changing wordpress themes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7689 lack of permission checks in the initializedevelpackage function in opensuse open build service befor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security canada q amp a rapid7 s beardsley and brown take on bug bounty programs iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new extortion tricks now including your password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt strandjs how to build a password cracker with nvidia gtx 1080ti amp gtx 1070 via bhinfosecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top hids tools on the market in our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1826 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge browser vulnerability allows malicious hackers steal your computer local files newly infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 python-cjson 2017-7803508155 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity 90 of companies say more than half of their cloud data is sensitive info here s what else we know from the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook wonderful which games are you looking to play on a new device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digininja cc rootlo0p he s the excel master' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 ding-libs sssd elsa-2018-1877' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday geovision gvsnvr0811 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:networkmanager-vpnc 2018-ac02463f82 nessus plugin id 111361 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s a new type of ddos attack in town infosec security ddos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt amilnicenco coming back to brazil very happy a deep dive into ics scada and glad to conquered a sans medal now focus on gic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches 42 flaws in reader acrobat flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pureinfotech thank you for the kind words did any windows 10 device in particular stand out to you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat cloudforms management engine cve-2017-2632 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts xapian-core vulnerability usn-3709-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ruggerotonelli collab_recruit mcswany infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix wordpress posts returning 404 error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5551 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dns hijack spreadshirt attacked with leaked passwords ransomware adds ddos podcast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robertmclaws gotcha thanks for the kind words which apps or features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prmshkte010 thanks for being a fan how have you been enjoying windows overall lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches severe vulnerabilities in prime collaboration provisioning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft excel starter 2010 xxe injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s penguin dads and their penguin lads chillin hard in the windows theme ttps: www.microsoft.com en-us p peng' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft com for windows privilege escalation exploit cve-2018-0824 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 libtasn1 libtiff dnsmasq photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0017 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how long-time logistics company emo trans was able to cater to millennial consumers with the help of oraclecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox-forking browser pale moon releases major update 28.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattblaze getting a flareup of blockchain bros telling me i m a fascist dictator for pointing out that blockchain doesn t s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'responsive file manager 9.11.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache storm cve-2018-1332 user impersonation vulnerability apache storm cve-2018-1332 user impersonation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat looks beyond docker for container technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebron vs steph the nba version of cyber defense vs cyberattacks darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin user login log 2.2.1 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sync breeze http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save the date the first ever bro workshop europe will be held at the karlsruhe institute of technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel modules packages suse-su-2018:1784-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'users reuse passwords on massive scale despite warnings from experts bitdefender security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201808-04 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14614 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an out-of-bounds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'urban communications sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snowden bats for criminal action against misuse of aadhaar data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'philteddylfc thanks for using chrome beta would you be able to file a bug for that behavior here appreciate it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smosser ah gotcha how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behavioral research showing consumers choosing paswordless mfa infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sungard etrakit3 cve-2016-6566 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp vulnerable to backdoor spying report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to include category and subcategory in wordpress urls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability microsoft windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu reveals desktop telemetry for the first time infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2277-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt riskybusiness after hearing metlstorm and i discuss the gentoo hack a listener wrote in to tell me the metro system in sofia bu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component joomblog 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday march 1st 2017 wed mar 1st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'programmer releases bot army to crush windows support scammers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux linux hacking kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cracking the passwords of some wpa wpa2 w-fi networks just got easier theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome beats edge and firefox in browser benchmark battle july 2018 sometimes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ransomware hacktivism dronejacking and other threat predictions from mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where does the quest for knowledge transform into chasing your own tail good question jonmichaelbrook has the an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq syss-2017-001 simplessus files sql injection pgp signed message-----hash sha256adviso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-0736 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit published for windows task scheduler zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3287 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have i been pwned is being integrated into firefox 1password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patched tor browser vulnerability puts users identity at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research disassembling linux mirai.b worm fortinet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338829 windows 10 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker the article aims to help you with the removal of seek infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter red hat enterprise virtualization bugs in ansible component lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last_atlanteans we ve got you covered how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit is almost identical to one fbi used in 2013' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sql injection attack tied to election commission breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada honeywell xl web ii controller exposed password in clear scada honeywell hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt flyryan emilymaxima taskandpurpose why is your humvee broken down one of our wheels broke. you mean you hit a rock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam another fake fortnitegame hacking tool design is so professional that i have no words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt warketing oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local linux kernel 2.6.22 lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition privilege escalati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 plexus-archiver 2018-6c55e1f79c nessus plugin id 110538 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davision hi david a new version of chrome is now available that fixes the learn how to update here thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new wordpress policy allows it to shut down blogs of sandy hook deniers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious google chrome extension spreads nude celebrity pdf s to facebook a researcher at cyren has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialmcafee for all you naysayers who claim that nothing is unhackable amp who don t believe that my bitfi wallet is truly the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm4ngl3m3 0.1 password generator packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome gets insertable emojis here s how to enable them. for all of you emoji lovers out there infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft visual studio products aug 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desh universal cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'electoral college should ignore lessig reading the exchange between law profs disappoints me 1 2 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7259 windows_10 windows_7 windows_8.1 windows_rt_8.1 windows_server_2008 windows_serve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewjbrenner we re glad to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5184 pdfium in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 spice vulnerabilities usn-3202-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4279-1 linux security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee host intrusion prevention installed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 catalysts of digital transformation amp how cloud is making a difference w oracle s the_steve_cox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 build 17134.83 is now available download offline installer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4229-1 strongswan security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singtel backdoor detection forgotdoor nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our embedded linux conference is the premier vendor-neutral technical conference for those using linux in embedded' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle glassfish server cve-2017-3250 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.4.1 crypto algif_skcipher.c lrw_crypt denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kole_citygirl sure why don t you send us an email help wordpress.com so we can help get your blog all setup.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'czarcole excellent choice cole we recommend checking out the comprehensive security windows 10 has to offer:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wesnetmo hi there check out the guide about repairing chrome when it s not responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stayfrothy disabling extensions prevents third party software from crashing chrome give it a try and keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress flaw gives attackers full control over your site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss core services rhsa-2017:0193' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam i think there are some cleaning and fixing to do rutgersu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4217-1 wireshark security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damicms 6.0.0 cross site request forgery damicms version 6.0.0 change administrative password cross site request' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap is now hosting vms in its cloud just don t call it hana' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday asuswrt rtac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released windows 10 cumulative updates kb4345421 amp kb4345420' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome googlechrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals expl 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'koprowskit please send us a note to help wordpress.com so that we can take a look at the for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql cluster 7.3.x lt 7.3.15 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to clear a specific command from bash history in linux ostechnix the tutorial describes how to clear a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2017:0004 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gerosan that sounds exciting thanks for taking the time to chat with us we look forward to seeing what you get up to with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog speaking of microsoft 0day here s a new office code execution technique all versions which ms aren t planning to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webex chrome extension allowed remote code execution on windows pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'former intelligence chief lang to head czech security office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fabionatalucci _odisseus granetman experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts fl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersweatshop yep it works well on win10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sa3nder the keyword here is systems one of the problems with a part of a complex system receiving lots of public attenti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 18.0.0.366 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter news govcert.hk security alert a16-12-03 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player 14-dec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office vulnerabilities chained to deliver backdoor malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t ocr software firm abbyy leaks 203 000 customer documents in mongodb server snafu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 patch expert begs microsoft please fix uptick in botched updates in a year of big malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla joomloc-cat 4.1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla vik rent car 1.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christyquinn cyb3rops jfslowik sk1773lz jckichen definitely progress also all intel always comes back to excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to make money from open source software red hat isn t the only model for open-source success' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update aubio opensuse-2018-652' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libgit2 2018-fb071377ba nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:1974 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.4.2 csrf vulnerability 4.4.2 csrf vulnerability18 nov 2016 summarycredit:the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jepaynemsft if you are overwhelmed by various windows logon types and not sure how to track them in your environment i wrote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jstnlester ah gotcha which windows features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3002 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earlier have an exploitable use after free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinodaizovi strategies that will not be effective in eliminating the and future struts vulnerabilities telling internal de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaptain_sauc3 it s high noon have you been enjoying any windows features lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wago e display 7300t xss file upload code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb17-01 adobe acrobat reader type confusion remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update prosody opensuse-2018-597 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons again airgapped wifi bt desolderered fresh retail install hw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2879-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papermarkis thanks for following up just to confirm are you seeing an error message when trying to download in chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parental controls for linux unleashed freedompenguin discover how to enable parental controls for ubuntu us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flash player security flaws used in most exploit kits security research shows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dwizzzlemsft new wired article on windows osr team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt troyhunt github is now using pwned passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artbarreno got it give these steps a try open the chrome browser gt click on edit gt spelling and grammar gt select' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0312 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an attachment in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd packed house in mexico city lots of enthusiasm for what oracle is doing in the cloud ease cost amp security are' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i updated the post redhat enterprise linux is impacted as they had backported the impacted netcode to older kernels it appears.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install opencv on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly discovered windows 10 file format vulnerability allows attackers to bypass os defenses says security resear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-18 openssh multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd node.js multiple vulnerabilities 45b8e2eb-7056-11e8-8fab-63ca6e0e13a2 nessus plugin id 110539 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog speaking of microsoft 0day here s a new office code execution technique all versions which ms aren t planning to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'developer raises concerns about md5 hashing algorithm in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nordicgamer210 hi truls that doesn t sound good have you tried the steps in the article to help fix chrome cras' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2056-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 java-1.7.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2283 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssl toolkit 1.1.0i packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more code execution bugs found in adobe flash news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly discovered whatsapp vulnerabilities could enable hackers to alter messages sent over the app and continue th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 jscript9 javascriptstackwalker memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities javascript c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ayisaiah hi there check out the handy guide for tips on how to reduce chrome memory does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla djcatalog2 1.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1761-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deathmordor hmm interesting we suggest trying these steps to fix sound issues in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet security researcher discovers two critical vulnerabilities in adobe flash player fortinet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity f-secure frontier communications team to make password management easy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338824 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roycontrol okay gotcha we suggest learning how to use metered connections in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je gallery 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'second try at windows lsass patch addresses vulnerability microsoft on tuesday patched a vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'good tip f_hispano no better way to commemorate the day in our opinion learnlinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'c4pet it is very easy to make the switch you can learn more about all the new features in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'socialbeautify hi the is not a hosted site it sounds like a great question for the wordpress community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookeinabook excellent is there a specific price range that you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nkorosh8 music to our ears are you using windows to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity russia charges cyber security expert fsb officers with treason lawyer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mtblackhawk that s fantastic have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft office powerpoint 2010 mso ordinal5429 missing length check heap corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity unpatched flaws in python java allow firewall bypass infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brobiewanken0bi we appreciate your patience updates help keep your device safe and secure how is your device running now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lateral movement using winrm packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hycus cms 1.0.4 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kendra_andrews as a telecommuter it s nice to connect with all of oracle through the global employee summit interesting stories' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uszak_bzowy please send us a note to hep wordpress.com so we can take a look at the account.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert rdshapland discusses docker s implementation of kubernetes and what it means for cloudsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclepaas oracle autonomous blockchain cloud service is secure reliable and extendsbusiness processes to help accelerate b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday november 29th 2016 tue nov infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxaria ruggerotonelli malcaresecurity infosec wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'double password malspam internet explorer 0-day firealarm vs nasdaq podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eternaltyro we don t use a recovery email for 2fa only for password reset to use email for both would mean it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases two new windows 10 previews and almost aligns their features microsoft has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings exploiting a windows 10 pagedpool off-by-one overflow wctf 2018 j00ru vx tech blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dns rebind toolkit a front-end javascript toolkit for creating dns rebinding attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the unbroken litany of distrust' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diiingy ah gotcha let us know if you d like any recommendations to save up for are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s new from acer at ifa2018 the world s lightest 15-inch pc laptop a pro-grade windows mixed reality headse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress nextgen gallery directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt comerford i am building a new engineering team at riot games working on our central infrastructure from the dublin office an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-617 dell sonicwall universal management suite imagepreviewservlet sql injection remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to exclude a category from wordpress homepage 2 methods' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'also just filed mongodb attacks jump from hundreds to 28 000 in just days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2839-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'welcome to the wild west again by intel security mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brokencinema rocksteadygames you may just have a good week.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security ngo website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cliffbrown thank you for reaching out to dell social media support i m gautam.i see that you re facing the whit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 1.1 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly discovered strain of malware ceidpagelock hijacks your browser redirects you to fake pages and is cur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lindsion thanks for the info lindsay could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to peterrei76 wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 freeipa 2016-d337166907 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql server cve-2017-3313 local security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd couchdb administrator privilege escalation 9b19b6df-a4be-11e8-9366-0028f8d09152 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple denial of service vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter imperial commercial cooking equipment sqli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-06 chromium google chrome user-assisted execution of arbitrary code nessus plugin id 110615 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google s ghost busters we can scare off spectre flaws haunting chrome tabs with site isolation which keeps pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-11509 asustor adm 3.1.0.rfq3 uses the same default root:admin username and password as it doe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms next year and do some pretty basic security hygiene infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacks4pancakes linux is a broad term what they probably mean is someone thought they saw it work on a linux system once.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new hacking technique used to bypass microsoft office 365 security over 10 of office 365 users have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.7.1-ibm rhsa-2018:2576 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10114 sql injection vulnerability in the aweb cart watching system for virtuemart extension before 2.6.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is memory usage in relations to wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all things apple updated today itunes 12.5.5 windows safari 10.0.3 macos 10.12.3 ios 10.2.1 tvos infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.18 move_pages information leak exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to-do update for windows 10 rolling out with new importance list' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kevmain that is very exciting how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azure ad password protection and smart lockout are now in public preview infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samal_law hi samal what happens when you try to browse on chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux technology is evolving faster than anyone could have imagined if you re a developer it can be a challenge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1288 in apache kafka 0.9.0.0 to 0.9.0.1 0.10.0.0 to 0.10.2.1 0.11.0.0 to 0.11.0.2 and 1.0.0 authentica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how windows 10 data collection trades privacy for security networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewcisler excellent are you enjoying any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt craigmwhitlock also fat leonard s favorite place to fix up us navy officers with hookers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch esa-2017-19 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 nvidia-graphics-drivers-304 nvidia-graphics-drivers-340 nvidi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component com_maxcomment sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xss found in silently installed acrobat chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'murphyoreilly hi m rphy have a look at the guide about fixing chrome crashes let us know if that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june 2018 and windows server can be pwned with a dns request theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter school management software 2.75 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-8743 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7877 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lennyzeltser why do adversaries continue to succeed at infecting endpoints via microsoft office gal_b1t will explain and show' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you handle holiday shopping oracle hit the streets to hear directly from the people of new york city.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office compatibility pack execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious dll loaded with autoit critical traefik bug debian l1tf patch problem podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how windows 10 s data collection trades your privacy for microsoft s security windows 10 s aggressive infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsofts edge was most hacked browser at pwn2own 2017 while chrome remained unhackable slashdot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap enterprise financial services cve-2018-2436 remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 moin vulnerabilities usn-3137-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we talked to windows techsupport scammers zdnet s zackwhittaker explains why you should be wary:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt russianmemes1 our electrician disappeared somewhere can t find him for a week already' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7290 microsoft word 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 word microsoft word 2007 sp3 office 2010 sp2 w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postgresql unauthenticated version detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pathofstrangers they all do signal isn t anonymous because it is tied to a phone number if you can register with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mateusz_jozef pwn2own 2018 a methodical approach to browser exploitation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthewpriceuk room filling key note anticipation oracle oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dnschanger exploit kit hijacks routers not browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.3 amp amp lt 2.3.34 2.5 amp amp lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tcleveland4real huh that document is garbage how can ms office convert the error message text of a pdf the docu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser security fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daimler jumps on linux bandwagon german automaker daimler indicates that it s betting much of its future on l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2016-7259 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lesdeboiresdeca thanks that site is using wordpress you can find the wordpress support forums here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netflix and spill web vid giant kills password masking in tests theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'headed to bhusa next week tell us why you love nessus and score a free t-shirt swing by the tenable booth for d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quest software appoints new asian leadership ceo jeff hawn acknowledges recent changes brought fear and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'komran_od hi kamal could you try the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'backswap banking malware bypasses browser protections with clever technique scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338814 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110980 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out python-based adware pbot or pythonbot evolves to install malicious browser extensions by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tejassuthar777 hi tejas just to confirm are you using any custom themes in your google chrome also could you t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6814 in wordpress before 4.7.3 there is authenticated cross-site scripting xss via media file metadata' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insert html snippet plugin 1.2 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-747-1 libupnp security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tusharnene we re happy to hear that you re back up and running how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vpnfilter poses broader threat than first thought endpoints at risk too by jaivijayan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'having a vision to tackle the hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joddyalajib okay gotcha let s make sure your active hours are set the should help reduce inconvenient updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barbaraisv well don t get the fuss about google drive backups no whatsapp backups are ever encrypted no matter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware don t fall for font wasn t found google chrome malware scam thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10k package of super nintendo games finally found by post office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windows 10 privacy controls just a little snooping or the max the register infosec privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funktgf that s awesome we re glad you re enjoying windows which apps or features do you currently use the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn more about the openstack project in part 5 of the course preview series' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office ghostbusters trap molded mug with slime caffeine crash who ya gonna call the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle ceo markvhurd says 80 of corporate data centers will be gone by 2025 via wsj' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ceo of company behind tor browser exploit i wanted to help take a person down infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-15 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how windows 10 s data collection trades your privacy for microsoft s security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geekvangelist excellent choice have you been using windows to work on any interesting projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1800-1 important mariadb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt java how to use the java native interface to work directly with an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pulled pork suricata amp snort rule management pulled pork is a perl based tool for suricata and snort infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to algorithmit8 apache_security wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe vulnerability exposes wordpress websites to attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreagrandi hi andrea please email pr linuxfoundation.org for assistance.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chezzykatz i don t see any draft posts on your site which means your browser isn t connecting to our servers please try resetting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'byndtheshft sounds like fun make sure to check out all the latest xbox play anywhere games on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2441 under certain conditions the sap change and transport system abap sap kernel 32 nuc sap kernel 32' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress limolabs 1.0.0 remote password disclosure vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2957-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle flexcube universal banking up to 12.2.0 unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kimpihlstrom sounds great kim we would love to know what projects you are working on with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kritische sicherheitsl cke warum sie sofort ihren firefox-browser updaten sollten' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rafetweets we see you ve joined the dark side how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new samsam ransomware variant requires password from hacker before execution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beachtree66 we appreciate your patience let s see if we can get the sorted have you already tried the windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.9 net ipv4 ip_sockglue.c ipv4_pktinfo_prepare denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tomsamaki the may be of interest to some fintechs like the insurer heybrolly people are beginning to realise how creepy i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2575-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 network linkedin clone insecure direct object reference packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edge vmware safari and ubuntu linux hacked at pwn2own 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coreos tectonic now installs kubernetes on openstack serverwatch coreos and openstack have a somewhat intert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 plugin insert php php code injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection topic wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archinsrma hmm try clearing app s cache by going to settings on your device gt installed apps gt chrome gt storage gt tap clear cache .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we re glad you re a fan are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webinar combat ransomware with the power of nessus register today dianegarey' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp google map 4.0.4 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4cthoughts excellent do you have a preferred screen size in mind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what was your first internet browser is it still around tbt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is the difference between posts vs pages in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 patch rhsa-2018:2094' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jedisct1 windows command-line introducing the windows pseudo console' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap businessobjects financial consolidation 10.0.0.1933 frameset.htm cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201808-03 networkmanager vpnc plugin privilege escalation nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why wordpress themes should not have seo options and why they do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0321 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast reminder microsoft webcast will begin in 30 minutes featuring sans mbromileydfir sign up now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update kvm suse-su-2016:2902-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bigolbur okay gotcha let s have you try these steps to improve network connection in windows 10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'istiomesh a service mesh for microservices from google ibm lyft redhat and many others just released v1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slashdot asks are password rules bullshit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebook windows powershell scripting tutorial the powershell tutorial opens with an introduction to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'autogradelinux is now 130 members strong with the addition of six new companies and organizations check out the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont technique lets phishing emails bypass office 365 security filters infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache activemq 5.11.1 5.13.2 directory traversal command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 nvidia-graphics-drivers-304 and nvidia-graphics-drivers-340 vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'showmecon 2018 josh rickard s securing windows with group policy permalink the post showmecon 2018 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t forget to drop by booth g5 today dockercon 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities id:94866cla' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap releases critical updates for two security notes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update opera opensuse-2017-232' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libvirt vulnerability and update usn-3680-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'towndl we enjoy your excitement are you currently a part of our windows insiders program' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.5 ion.c ion_ioctl privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet the malware which hijacks your browser and redirects you to fake pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks apple asked for their password more frequently ah good the is protected' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8319 msr javascript cryptography library security feature bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pjbx01 hmm could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home secretary slanms whatsapp s completely unacceptable encryption after london attacls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwrhunterteam in past weeks we found a professor at a russian academy got his pc infected.windows xp.intel e2180.1 gb ram. lt 80' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netwave ip camera password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.3 amp lt 2.3.34 2.5 amp lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2015-8967 arch arm64 kernel sys.c in the linux kernel arch arm64 kernel sys.c in the linux kernel be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review dns interception critical apache struts flaw cybersecurity career pathing helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to covis_gmbh masterjava_es danilofs01 devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karen4heumann if you have access to your hosting you should be able to reset your password using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows .library-ms information disclosure vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2403-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the results are in see how microsoftedge measures up in the latest browser benchmark battle from venturebeat:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability within cortana can be used to execute code from the locked screen of a fully patched windows10 ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dod cio hits pause on jedi cloud acquisition dana deasy set cloud as his office s top priority but when infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the syntax error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashbackfriday we take security seriously. what does the statement mean to infosec experts j4vv4d address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix use-after-free vulnerability in citrix provisioning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leobot29 hi leonides sorry for any disappointment direct message the customer account name email address phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for november 2016 exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melbourne hacker adds padding oracle to free popular hacker course theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oh god there s a whole new genre of hacker stock images the one looks like he s about to flash no pun intended' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thinking about using docker w jenkinsci we got your back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml ptls5::lsfindspanvisualboundaries memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 10 penetration testing amp ethical hacking linux distributions 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos and mac os x multiple vulnerabilities security update 2018-004 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2254' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter thousands of wordpress websites defaced through patch failures' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libxml2 2018-e198cf4a64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress themes dance studio 1.0.0 arbitrary shell upload vulnerbility' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component modern booking 1.0 coupon parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat enterprise virtualization 4.0 obtain information vulnerability redhat enterprise virtualization 4.0 obtai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security warnings on daily mail and other sites if using updated chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd node.js multiple vulnerabilities 45b8e2eb-7056-11e8-8fab-63ca6e0e13a2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5212 google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foreign hackers broke into the czech foreign ministry czech hacking espionage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install the startupmaster password extension on the thunderbird email client' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ghostscript psi zht2.c null pointer dereference remote code execution vulnerability e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rayhayes hi ray just wanted to check in are you still experiencing the we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anakinsella hi ana have you tried the steps in the article to help fix chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ellearmageddon taco_lad the division that could never be found didn t we have an opsec unit where are they' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-0322 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3738-1 tomcat7 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap basis report for terminology export os command injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the complete guide to noise-canceling in open offices and other hectic spaces infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache qpid broker-j maximum message size processing bug lets remote users cause the target service to crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s wpdiscover challenge is about the gap between creative vision and its execution:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t onion browser goes free for privacy-conscious ios users citing recent events' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the girls who used whatsapp to learn under the noses of is nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3188-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter property listing script 3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component sponsor wall 7.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'video maldoc analysis with standard linux tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2151 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monochuuma have you tagged the thread for staff add the tag modlook and we ll get to it asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle flexcube enterprise limits and collateral management remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xbox know your enemy.watch the atriox trailer for halowars2 t at xboxone windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu wget access list bypass race condition packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12260 an issue was discovered on momentum axel 720p 5.1.8 devices the root password can be obtained in cl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over the next few months we ll be co-creating new experiences with our customers making the power of office more a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp that backdoor in our encryption is actually a feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reverbpc great choices how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hazeim nixcraft i don t think unique to them all .com .net and .org domain data is available via verisign ftp server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'private browsing 16 good reasons to use incognito mode infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you handle holiday shopping oracle hit the streets to hear directly from the people of new york city.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'try before you buy openstack administration fundamentals lfs252 sample chapter here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7091 sudo it was discovered that the default sudo configuration on red hat enterprise linux and possibly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 mercurial euleros-sa-2018-1178 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 1511 secure kernel obtian information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerability usn-3219-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-0373 a vulnerability in vpnva-6.sys for 32-bit windows and vpnva64-6.sys for 64-bit windows of cisco anyco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google forms wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt virinarchos excellent keynote at msinspire by judson althoff microsoft cvp commercial business on accelerating' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ava i have no information about your child. can you imagine hearing those words from a judge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6468 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 curl alas-2018-1029 nessus plugin id 110446 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansemea tipoftheday passphrases are the strongest type of passwords and the easiest to remember. simply use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gulldong1 understood thanks for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley whatsapp design could allow facebook and others to read messages but it s no government backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sungard etrakit3 cve-2016-6566 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracletennis learn from a legend we caught up with the newest member of our oracle us tennis awards committee ldavenport76 f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap trex 7.10 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals exploit 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh server lt 7.41 multiple vulnerabilities remote nessus plugin id 110291 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows task scheduler alpc interface local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet goodvibes a lightweight radio player for ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1415-1 phpmyadmin security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '100 000 uk routers likely affected by mirai variant approximately 100 000 uk talktalk and post office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress tagregator 0.6 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officialmcafee cybergibbons morningstarxa counter point they do they re clearly visible in ram dumps you migh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb database exposes more than 2 million mexican patients' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swordofomen cybergibbons securelyfitz it does look like that doesn t it but i m connected to the audio jack and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gregonj sorry for that please post a crash report id on our support site so that we can take a closer look pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5014 heap buffer overflow during image processing in skia in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for linu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chyp_cp sounds great let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.20 multiple dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of thousands of talktalk and post office broadband users are knocked off the internet by cyber infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter red hat enterprise virtualization bugs in ansible component lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default google the week released chrome 55 to resolve 36 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peachyvmin hmm could you check if an extension third party software is installed which will clear the browsing data let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8031 the tomee console tomee-webapp has a xss vulnerability which could allow javascript to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rodolfor i m sure the old joke was that to send something secret you put it in regular inter office mail not the top secret ones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cia speaker series was established in 2014 to provide cia officers with the opportunity to hear leadership insi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah binskim a binary static analysis tool that scans windows portable executable pe files for security correctness https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 48.0.2540.0 dev-m blink::node buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-002 microsoft office memory corruption remote code execution 3214291' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt assolini a mitm extension for chrome or how brazilian cybercriminals steal bank accounts using malicious extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase playing is fun but winning is better score like a pro by making smarter decisions faster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dega1999 hi andrea we love your support which other windows 10 features have caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows warning us exposes north korea government s typeframe malware north korea s hidden cobra infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows apps made on linux hit by security fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-151 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3205651 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2017 trends cybersecurity for digital broadcasters the isbuzz post the post 2017 trends infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15357 an authenticated attacker with low privileges can extract password hash information for all users in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt infosec_pom infosec_pom 41 cvss:6.9 windows 10 desktop bridge virtual registry cve-2018-0880 incomplete fix privil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrrafaelsantana hey rafael thanks for your support as a windows insider how are you enjoying the latest build so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therobjohnson we re glad to hear it are you enjoying any windows features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why your gigabit broadband lags like hell blame intel s chipset software fix coming after puma 6 code infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5577 remote buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmail drops support for chrome on windows xp and vista gmail will soon drop support for chrome version infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking killdisk malware targets linux machines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center massive malvertising campaign hits msn yahoo inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hpe officeconnect 1810 series switch has unspecified flaw that lets local users obtain potentially sensitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft mvp discloses windows in-place upgrade security flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec broadcom stack buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je video rate 1.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1391-1 tiff security update nessus plugin id 110313 with medium severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle named a leader in the 2018 gartner inc magic quadrant for mobile app development platforms for its abilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortiguard labs discovers multiple vulnerabilities in microsoft word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet bro the best-kept secret of network security opensource packet inspection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp vulnerability allows attackers to alter messages in chats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11629 default and unremovable support credentials user:lutron password:integration allow attackers to ga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vorecforce hi danielle have you tried restarting your device and relaunching google chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit published for windows task scheduler zero-day lt updated with comments from microsoft tenable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress infinitewp client 1.5.1.3 1.6.0 php object injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft research javascript cryptography library lets remote users bypass security restrictions on the target sys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote netwave ip camera password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aussie_sunset awesome have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extremely busy at the aqua booth g5 dockercon but we re never too busy to talk full lifecycle security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you re going to hit bedrock hit it hard halowars2 t is available now on both windows10 pcs and xbox one:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 pcs rhsa-2018:1927 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix license server 11.14.0.0 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 imagemagick vulnerabilities usn-3142-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kingbroly we d love to learn more of your thoughts can you share them here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt christyconfetti such a great event so proud to work oracle thank you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t android apps infected with umm windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proxies vs vpns vs tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'climate change bust up we ll launch our own damn satellites if trump pulls plug gov brown super cali infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hmm os x icloud preferences asking me for my password all of a sudden won t accept my password but itunes account will' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0019-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pmheathcote hi paul have you tried these steps to repair chrome if it freezes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-8308 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3712-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peter broadhurst inmarsat backs new campaign to protect ships mariners from cyber threats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'today s threat is the banking trojan ursnif gozi previously the malware has been spread via broad email campai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fjreis balgan hdontwit that s my point' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7219 the crypto driver in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and r2 sp1 windows 7 sp1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we want a copyright office that serves the public infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla booklibrary 3.6.1 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-11-openjdk opensuse-2018-830 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eventslf save 100 on your vault linux storage amp filesystems conference registration through feb 23 register at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle financial services applications flaws let remote users access and modify data and remote authenticated users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk project security advisory ast-2016-009 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '3 useful gui and terminal based linux disk scanning tools one of the first things you can always investigate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp officejet printers bug puts entire network at risk coupled with eternalblue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-10124 an issue was discovered in linux containers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'six months ago i think we all need to be back in the peakdistrict asap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maraleia let us know if they work for you happy browsing jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows speech recognition 4.0.4.2512 buffer overflow windows speech recognition version 4.0.4.2512 s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0228 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 5 thunderbird cesa-2016:2973' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aimbotmelvin music to our ears be sure to check out all the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking onion browser goes free for privacy-conscious ios users citing recent events' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues patch for actively exploited flash player zero-day exploit thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten so there s the zerofont attack to bypass office 365 s filters which i heard about on riskybusiness' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tch356 glad to hear it are you enjoying any particular features on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to easily add css animations in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powershell stuff windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug triggered errors on websites using symantec ssl certificates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity 33 000 databases fall in mongodb massacre infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bleedo hey there thank you for the kind words are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 plexus-archiver elsa-2018-1836' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mandy_seley no problem how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln citrix provisioning services remote code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdeems microsoft googlechrome mozilla we care with your privacy mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox mulltiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss-ec2-eap rhsa-2017:0250' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap netweaver umeadmin 7.50 directory creation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14017 the r_bin_java_annotation_new function in shlr java class.c in radare2 2.7.0 allows remote attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-29 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 business users targeted in punycode-based phishing a new phishing attack targeting office 365 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we had a great time chatting with everyone on day 2 of dockercon if you didn t make it over yet drop by today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7282 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps home of viral images videos and articles script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'panzerpro the best way to avoid flash issues is to set the plug-in to click to play here s how gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fileserve clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk 7.0.1 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2018-11409 webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt buffaloverflow wow the broke a lot of people s lateral movement good job msft now is a fun time for wmi research' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fahranah1 looks like you re staying very organized have any new apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'interested in sponsoring brocon 2018 see for a number of options or email us at events bro.org brocon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'today s the day our targeted incentive program officially opens we start w joomla drupal wordpress nginx apa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4ntsu hey there how are things running for you now do you have any windows 10 questions for us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2806 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security assurance of docker containers with recent movements like devops and the conversion towards infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress jibu pro 1.7 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'super_sullivan those are some wonderful memories what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-10126 splunk web in splunk enterprise 5.0.x before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity docker patches escape container vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how apache is building process migration functionality into mesos in the linuxcon talk:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sazra thatleighbrown google sometimes your antivirus software can cause the check the out mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'job portal script 3.0 cross site scripting sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news today cloud foundry announced the open service broker api project more here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity high schools tps campus security officer wins sprint prize pack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator datachannel blind sql injection vulnerability vuln antivirus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raspberry pi as physical backdoor to office networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unhackable blockchain cryptocurrency wallet bitfi backed by officialmcafee drops unhackable claim closes bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8740 the mod_http2 module in the apache http server 2.4.17 through 2.4.23 when the protocols configurati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 tiff vulnerabilities usn-3212-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a look at the cerber office 365 ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3804-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server core components subcomponent rce january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wired cisco s talos division was one of the first security companies to reverse engineer and analyze not petya 5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ziya51255764 you can check out our available windows phones here ocid _soc_omc_win_fb_ what do you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows uniscribe heap-based out-of-bounds read in usp10 scriptapplylogical' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5220 pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55.0.2883.84 for andro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local memory corruption and integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla jo facebook gallery 4.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft reveals which windows bugs it might decide not to fix draft document explains where redmond infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybernova98 hello what makes you feel the way about windows we d love to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338820 windows server 2012 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows alpc access control flaw lets local users obtain system privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for july 26 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nulldelhi shubham upgoingstar doing a bachaav session on elk at thoughtworks gurugram elasticsearch logstash kibana' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe photoshop cc 18.x lt 18.1.6 19.x lt 19.1.6 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-28 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1hendorable1 no it won t in fact support for java flash and the hole npapi has been removed it is not expecte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt echo262 look if anything ever happens to me i would be completely disappointed if my husband did not have a hedgehog band' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update php5 opensuse-2016-1449' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle vm virtualbox amp lt 5.0.32 amp lt 5.1.14 privilege escalation e 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evilsocket just discovered that mono develop can be used as a reversing tool for .net assemblies including of course xamarin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brute4s99 hello piyush we re always looking out for things we can add to make windows better have you shared th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'britny_walter excellent let s see if we can narrow it down do you have and ideal screen size in mind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to security_faqs abigailmurph1 jamesajwhitton wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3691-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2009 ibm teleworking will save the world 2017 ibm get back to the office or else' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fthilldrey thanks for the link that site is using the self-hosted version of wordpress and not hosted by us at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore get 4 free months of music to rock your world from microsoftgroove with groove music pass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter thousands of mongodb databases hit by ransomware attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 thunderbird vulnerabilities usn-3233-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'friedenglish101 wordpress your theme may not have what is required for excerpts to show properly you could try t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update tiff opensuse-2018-677 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-154 critical security update for adobe flash player 3209498 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb database exposes more than 2 million mexican patients scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt crypto_ninjas mcafee highlights emerging cybersecurity risks associated with blockchain raj_samani' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cmarkup::reloadincompatview use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'originalrev that s one of our favorites too are you working on amazing projects with windows at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter new vulnerability revealed in whatsapp and telegram allowed hackers to gain complete control over us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2992 apsb17-04 adobe flash player heap overflow remote code execution iii mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mueller indicts 12 russian military intel officers for dnc hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-26 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krmarko bromium lucky p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla vik rent items 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samizahed29 thanks for the follow-up info can you try with a new chrome profile and check if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'philparkbot we re happy to hear everything is safe and sound are you working on any cool projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity phishing scam alert chrome browser add-in called oneclass easy invite infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla vik rent car 1.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brainyredhead we re glad you like it which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly add javascripts and styles in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webassembly changes may make meltdown amp spectre browser patches useless infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0087 remote code execution vulnerability discoveredmarch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4235-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac itsecurity training for incidenthandling threathunting dfir at sanssecureindia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'understanding java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase oracle autonomous data warehouse cloud gets qmp faster results watch the video with michael morales ceo of qmp h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla realestatemanager 3.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome firefox iframe exploit can steal facebook profile info and other personal data bviglia explains how it w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prmshkte010 we think so too are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s show will be a day late metlstorm is still on his way home from the hellscape.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india wants its banks to upgrade atms still running windows xp hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'creyke hi roger you can find more info on windows spotlight images here let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google says symantec misissued 30k security certificates will restrict access google chrome developers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple will soon make the fbi s hacking into password-protected iphones impossible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 8.1 rt 8.1 10 server 2012 server 2012 r2 win32k privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google blocks all 3rd-party websites from using inline installation method to push chrome browser extensions with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 12 2018 mstuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches 270 vulnerabilities in year s first critical patch update oracle patched 270 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sqlite cve-2016-6153 insecure temporary file creation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2017-5585 sql injection in opentext documentum content server 7.3 postgresql builds only infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6817 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a glimpse into webroot s international women s day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanplee007 hmm you can follow the steps in the above article for more info on updating chrome to the latest vers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons well the issue is that most of the industry tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'only_grey oh no sorry to hear that after checking the revision history if you re still having trouble reach out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2016-8738 denial of service vulnerability apache struts cve-2016-8738 denial of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-1150 ibm db2 for linux unix and windows includes db2 connect server 10.1 10.5 and 11.1 could allow a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secguru_otx malwrhunterteam the looks legitimate - p.s the password comes from leakforums btc address 1kictvuq5a9bpwofc8' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papers i know where your page lives de-randomizing the latest windows 10 kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'only took 40 years but looks like with the most recent ipv4 frag bug fix linux decided to finally drop overlappin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 users targeted by phishers employing simple html tricks phishers are using a simple but infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2017-0037 remote memory corruption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 18214 is now available with one new feature microsoft has released another infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jan0fficial malwrhunterteam wdsecurity there s a privacy wizard when you install win10 you likely have it turned off.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pennsylvania state prosecutor s office paid ransom in avalanche ransomware attack allegheny county infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious android apps infected with windows keyloggers pulled from google play 145 apps contained infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a trusted certificate authority certificate to internet explorer or microsoft edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers have discovered a windows vulnerability that enables remote attackers to execute arbitrary code and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability spotlight adobe acrobat reader dc jpeg decoder vulnerability discovered by aleksandar infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alan clark of suse on the ossummit stage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'please tighten your passwords and assume the brace position says plane-tracking site data breach at infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-620 adobe flash psdk use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability the vulnerability allows remote a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'factfriday based on statistics from talossecurity cisco s threat intelligence group an average of 2.9 of comp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox javascript zero-day under active exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server 12.2.1.3 takeover server exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8webcom cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15139 a vulnerability was found in openstack-cinder releases up to and including queens allowing newly cr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting topic wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting risk:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update libvorbis suse-su-2018:1563-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'viss yeah i saw it a good d.a.r.e campaign would be just an hour of someone reading mcafee tweets to you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 68 changes and their impact on data protection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vysecurity red tip 328 need to spray office365 use tried and tested the tool and works really fas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google once again publicly discloses windows bug after microsoft fails to patch it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'putting the ass in atlassian helpdesk email server passwords blabbed to strangers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikesav78418 hey there what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introduction to blockchain with java using ethereum web3j and spring boot blockchain is one of the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bitvise ssh client installed nessus plugin id 110292 with info severity synopsis a remote access clie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 flash-plugin rhsa-2016:2947 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin 4.x remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle is encouraging its team members to follow their passions and get involved in their communities to make drea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an open letter to microsoft about poor windows 10 update experiences susan bradley an 18 year microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june patch tuesday microsoft addresses dns-related vulnerability adobe patches critical flash pl trendmicro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2854 local privilege escalation vulnerability kernel 4.4.30linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good suse-su-2017:0210-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'countly cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mozdeco we now have windows builds for the asan nightly project available check out for more information.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms15-094 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3089548 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 will stop a ransomware epidemic when antivirus fails' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openstack mitaka-murano 2.0.0 execute code vulnerability openstack mitaka-murano 2.0.0 execute code vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1511 obtain information vulnerability windows 10 1511 obtain information vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.4.0 exprouter sql injection vulnerability exponent cms 2.4.0 exprouter sql injection vulnerabilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to patch smart speaker chromecast location leak bug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to stop malicious browser add-ons from taking root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyb3rops dovehawka bro_ids module that automatically imports mispproject indicators amp reports sightings by tylabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.635 denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2014-9914 android linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4273-1 intel-microcode security update spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of service dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle mysql server up to 5.7.16 x plugin unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2462-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'da rude sand storm seizes the opportunity threatens to ko rover it s like watching your loved one in a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rainmjarmitage that s what we love to hear are you currently a windows 10 user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-0003 microsoft word 2016 and sharepoint enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has amazing team members all over the world today in austin is just a small subset of what makes oracle gre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1854 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abbie_brander hello there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 plexus-archiver alas-2018-1043 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joao_p_perez oraclechanginglives austin tx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity add-ons secure office 365 from advanced attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the call for presentations is now available for brocon 2018 deadline is july 13 brocon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-08 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office365 magic forensics unicorn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'me during sex is it on the man page them i m not sure it just says minus pme the p is for password them y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ketralus understood let us know if you have any questions on windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0247-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 50.0.2661.102 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maccms 10 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle_india our commitment to india goes beyond just digital transformation we are inspired by the work done by our' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kgamingful hey there how did the upgrade go we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shanelways understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a linux kernel usb exploit and patch in a tweet usb core message.cmove the ifdef of max_usb_string 382 up ab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress comments import and export csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 red hat ceph storage 2.5 rhsa-2018:2261' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter packet storm new exploits for november 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp enterprise van sdn controller 2.7.18.0503 remote root packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog i wrote about linux kernel networking vulnerable to denial of service aka cve-2018 5390 details on real world exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln google chrome multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 kernel alas-2018-1058 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s edge was most hacked browser at pwn2own 2017 while chrome remained unhackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'progun1corn awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 business users targeted in punycode-based phishing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2445 admintools in sap businessobjects business intelligence versions 4.1 4.2 allows an attacker to man' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt searchsecurity diversity in cybersecurity helps build better solutions according to grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with 8 bug fixes ahead of october 2018 update microsoft has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerc names bill lawrence as vp chief security officer north american electric reliability corporation infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft hcm 9.2 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r4conteur hi there is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s emet protects apps better than windows 10 researcher says while packed with a load of new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8201 a csrf vulnerability in brocade virtual traffic manager versions released prior to and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marksmithvr congrats for work with oracle adaptive intelligence apps amp use of data cloud amp data science to advance business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riknight36 we completely understand which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans security security assurance of docker containers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaredwithane music to our ears what do you usually use windows for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bascule running centos 7 with a 4.17.6 kernel from elrepo and clang 4 from sclo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'full database lifecycle management provision secure manage thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp version control repository manager for linux lt 7.6.0 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps easy support tools 1.0 stt parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat nio nio2 connector management flaw lets remote users access other user s sessions in certain cases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'warner bros is cracking down on harry potter festivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mealexanderc that sounds great which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'falselogic you re welcome we re glad we could help how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition poc wr 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn about our new additions to the linux foundation board including open source thought leader nithyaruff:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'autodesk backburner manager 3 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybergibbons officialmcafee bitfi6 yeppers they need to change the terms or be called out as scam.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome starts marking all http sites as not secure helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'admins urged stop everything and patch new apache struts flaw infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 mobile exposed photos bug will get fix the month infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new day i feel energized again the amazing thing is that i reached a point where even as broken and exhausted as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how an innocent email turned into one of the largest spear-phishing campaigns of q1 in our mcafee_labs threa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air actionscript avm1 actionpush memory corruption vulnerability s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center 5 links of the attack chain and how to disrupt them inforisktoday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear multiple products remote and local password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxaria bensiali_h t_toyota wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awesomestriker hi there thanks for reaching out you can find all of our windows 10 announcements here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7187 the sg_ioctl function in drivers scsi sg.c in the linux kernel through 4.10.4 allows local users to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches critical flaw in webex chrome plugin cisco has fixed a vulnerability in its webex infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. docker s kubernetes implementation has received significant praise here s a look at why the move and other' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp adds new two-step verification security feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel linuxkernel 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalati 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'legal firms draw hackers looking to compromise clients infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cnetnews a hacker says bitfi won t pay the 250 000 bounty but mcafee disagrees that the hack was a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ex top mozilla dev to windows users ditch all antivirus except microsoft s defender zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln cisco cbr series converged broadband routers cve-2017-3824 denial of service infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'partnering with the industry to minimize false positives every day antivirus capabilities in windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3503 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vfxmojoh that s fantastic how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tivoli storage flashcopy manager for sql server 3.1.1.7 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-795-1 tiff security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s unhackable crypto-wallet allegedly hacked a week after challenge john mcafee s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt justinschuh i m really proud of the work the chrome extensions team is doing to combat deceptive and malicious extensions expe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap releases august 2018 security updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get hands-on training learn nfv features in kubernetes integrating odl in openstack operator edge cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the next flagship iphone will support apple pencil and 512gb flash storage says report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 xmlrpc3 elsa-2018-1779 nessus plugin id 110277 with high severity synopsis the remote oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behind the scenes of the meltdown and spectre response zmanion 0xmatt edoerr redhatcrob bhusa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee mvision portfolio as a saas-delivered workspace helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'notinheritable music to our ears how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to gain encrypted email on the chromebook if you ve been waiting for encrypted email to arrive on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2985 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earlier have an exploitable use after free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is a blog and how is it different from a website explained wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'genixcms up to 0.0.8 author.control.php type sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix high cpu usage and ram leakage in windows 10 pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benhawkes project zero blog windows exploitation tricks exploiting arbitrary object directory creation for local elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse and microsoft collaborate to deliver enterprise linux kernel optimized for azure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-005 security update for adobe flash player 4010250' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fortinet fortigate fortios ssl-vpn web portal bookmark feature lets local users view passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix sysproc bug lets local users cause denial of service conditions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update postgresql95 opensuse-2018-696' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9863 an issue was discovered in phpmyadmin with a an issue was discovered in phpmyadmin with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'state election offices emails are way too easy to hack article by kathrynkrawczyk via theweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac infosec training in singapore from the global leader in security training join us for sanssecuresingapore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat jboss flaw in drools workbench component lets remote authenticated users traverse the directory to view fi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center 50 million potentially impacted by airdroid vulnerabilities securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338832 security update for adobe flash player july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hitek automize up to 10.25 11.14 profile password hitek.jar weak encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3675-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with your help our friends at widmerbrothers brewed an open source beer last month now the recipe is ready for y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phanteana hey heather we re glad you re a windows user have you been using windows to work on any cool projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons ellpinv officialmcafee vapeatl python to replicate everything it does' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hints of microsoft s modular windows core os spotted in latest sdk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one misplaced line of javascript caused the ticketmaster breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.11 vfio_pci.c buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update gd opensuse-2017-289' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity flash player security flaws used in most exploit kits security research shows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _alias454 updated bro_ids content pack for graylog2 updated missing fields to support bro 2.5.4 and added more out of the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to aristilabs bambino0710 security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tapplock smart lock insecure direct object reference packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 17th 2018 tue jul 17th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko you d be surprised about all the things still included in windows 10 case in point iexpress.exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 152922-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 151913-12 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee is selling his failed privacy phone units as rebranded unhackable bitcoin wallets sales of the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update java-1_7_0-openjdk opensuse-2016-1357' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news today linux foundation networking lfn welcomes eight new members into the umbrella to accelerate the devel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday zookeeper 3.5.2 denial of service exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realoscarmike to clarify can you tell us which version of windows you re running at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0084 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nearly half of security pros reuse passwords darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-kvm linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-36 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-017 important security update for windows kernel 4013081 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday asuswrt rtac750gf cross-site request forgery change admin password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud join us at nasfaa to discover the next generation of student-centric financial aid systems 6 26 11:30am amp 4:15pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amsoupy we love hearing how our users use windows 10 for their projects what features have been helpful to you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just did another excellent sponsor interview with zanelackey of signalsciences topic is really about modernising' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update seamonkey opensuse-2018-867 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb arbitrary command execution couchdb administrative users can configure the database server via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday june 22nd 2018 fri jun 22nd infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vimivimals that s amazing thank you for sticking with us all these years have any new features caught your eye in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel bug tcp flaw lets remote attackers stall devices with tiny dos attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla alfcontact 3.2.3 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for arbitrary code execution apsb18-24' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mjos_crypto btw fuzzing with libfuzzer is now super easy since ubuntu 18.04 comes with clang-6.0 that has libfuzzer enabled by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers infosec itse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seebrock3r thanks for the info have you tried the fixes listed in the guide step 2 onwards keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 nagios rhsa-2017:0259' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android fps sysfs entry buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isobellelucy can you contact us at help wordpress.com so we can look deeper into your stats thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darrylthinks we love your excitement be sure to keep an eye on the windows blog for all the latest news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'j_b_t mozilla googlechrome microsoft hi now i get it firefox does support the as long as the server support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jkirstaetter that s fantastic to hear thanks for being a part of the windows insiders you help make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 binutils glibc phsa-2018-2.0-0064 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 squid34 cesa-2017:0183' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. martijn_grooten based on the wording it seems entirely possible the material support was unrelated to the dnc hack or am i misreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows powershell automating common admin tasks back in 2012 i wrote a number of blog posts that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla je quiz 2.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt accone kicking off a new biometrics project to develop guidance and tools for unicef offices in 190 countries to impleme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikeoghia got it give the a try while browsing in chrome right click on any text field gt spell check gt select' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce linux kernel use after free via complete_emulated_mmio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp adds new two-step verification security feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malwarehunterbr another malicious chrome extension james_inthe_box executemalware chrome malware defesa_digital' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost part of the issue behind the attack is because the ui on the locked windows10 screen now has app functionality eve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter brave browser address bar spoofing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arista cloudvision portal bug revealed plus evidence it s been used you know the drill face-palm infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melbourne man arrested for broadcasting fake messages to pilots theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 exiv2 2018-871fa4d189 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update squid suse-su-2017:0128-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jongassman yep it s help wordpress.com sorry for the confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac malware is still crude but it s slowly catching up to its windows rivals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take linux foundation training get a free googlechrome chromebook info learnlinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattarnster hmm interesting could you share which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'information disclosure dos flaws patched in apache tomcat cve-2018-8037' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkitgtk wpe webkit code execution denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bionicbeagle music to our ears are you using windows to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'titusadux we re always looking to improve can you tell us more about your thoughts on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec bod wagers web bookies betvictor is lax on password protection theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclefoodbev congratulations to adriana torres senior vice president for oraclehosp and oraclefoodbev support on being award' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt m8urnett here s an interesting page that lists all the hosts that windows 10 connects to never seen the before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vijaylx hey there how are you finding windows 10 so far we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papers i know where your page lives de-randomizing the latest windows 10 kernel exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-13014 storing password in recoverable format in syswatch service in safe n sec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riseatwork for help with self-hosted wordpress sites please post in their forums here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eylith one may be already included in the browser for our support team get in touch with them here at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver local memory disclosure vulnerability ctx235225 nessus plugin id 110265 with low severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos windows speech recognition buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2016-0176' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons well then you had better ignore me then because' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'agiletortoise thanks for your feedback on windows we appreciate it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yup gartnersec spectre and meltdown made a mountain of a molehill very true get the browser updated and m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvpcouple please post in the wordpress forums if you need help with that site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 edge services make the cloud more resilient via dyn oracleiaas cloud iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-8970 crypto algif_skcipher.c in the linux kernel before 4.4.2 does not verify that a setkey' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site scripting topic brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microhard systems 3g 4g cellular ethernet and serial gateway configuration download packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity patch critical new vulnerability on microsoft windows operating systems found by secunia infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15427 insufficient policy enforcement in omnibox in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.84 allowed a socially' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle bug responsible for san franciso hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamemsa we re glad you think so are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysis finds high-risk vulnerabilities in four popular wordpress e-commerce plug-ins l wordpress checkmarx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libxv opensuse-2016-1423' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jennybrady13 hi jenny give the a try while browsing in chrome right click on any text field gt spell check gt se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle database server 11.2.0.4 remote code execution vulnerability oracle database server 11.2.0.4 remote code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 tiff vulnerabilities usn-3212-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extended save 75 off hostgator wordpress hosting 0.01 for domain 24 hours only cyber monday sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9644 the _get_user_asm_ex macro in arch x86 include asm uaccess.h in the linux kernel 4.4.22 through 4.4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update git on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows shell file path validation flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'khaotik_slayer we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cyber monday security tips from ibm are effective safety measures during online shopping infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection topic wordpress plugin ninja forms csv injection risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1655 ibm aix 5.3 6.1 7.1 and 7.2 contains a vulnerability in the rmsock command that may be used to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does windows 10 s data collection trade privacy for microsoft s security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'judith_g_smith could you try using the instead chrome: version also try updating it manually by downloading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. carlaschroder shares her list of fun linux commands to create holiday delights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter will the be last word in hack-proof os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-0736 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bigendiansmalls local dns poisoning from an unprivileged windows user whaaaa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'locky variant osiris distributed via excel documents the infamous locky ransomware has once again infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weirdowizard glad to know it s now working fine darshan occasionally updates on chrome or other software can ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mybb recent threads 1.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fuzzysec windows system programming 4th edition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt troyhunt it s alive on the chrome 68 day see the who s who of non-secure communication in scott_helme s and my little pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass topic trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings github tandasat simplesvmhook simplesvmhook is a research purpose hypervisor for windows on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to photopixs secureeb armyflymonkeys wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marbskyle hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smalltownbigpic hi paul be sure to check out the notification settings in windows 10 pl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sec_jack all done at the sansicseurope summit excellent talks and discussion thanks to kaithomsen for moderating well w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9642 javascriptcore in webkit allows attackers to javascriptcore in webkit allows attackers to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sateffen hi there we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitea totp passcode reuse bcf56a42-9df8-11e8-afb0-589cfc0f81b0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4230-1 redis security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popup blocker pro chrome extension stored cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component j-cruisereservation standard 3.0 city parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia windows gpu display driver kernel mode layer denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chuyp95 hi there what s going on with google chrome could you tell us more about it we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player for mac lt 24.0.0.186 multiple vulnerabilities apsb17-02' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player remains main target of exploit kits report the most common vulnerabilities used by exploit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6519 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seh buffer overflow basic exploitation tutorial packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco webex for firefox rce cisco-sa-20170124-webex nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt luc4m broken ursnif dropsite boxindoro.com mariamireo xxxa.dcf wadakat lu amp pofonymo hogax amp cyv refakeq inquiry.doc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update tigervnc suse-su-2017:0519-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perrywhiteart that s odd let s try resetting chrome settings to the default does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8650 the mpi_powm function in lib mpi mpi-pow.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 does not ensure that m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chribjel how odd we appreciate your patience let s have you try the windows app troubleshooter did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps brother hl series printers 1.15 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cudeso yeay hacklu2018 circl_lu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday my photo gallery 1.0 sql injection unauthorized login vulnerabilities 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat keynote from google s excellent laparisa.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securing your mobile workforce end-to-end with users taking their work laptops out of the office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'account takeover due to blind mongodb injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 11 hasgeneratedsvgmarker privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 45.5.1 nssmiltimecontainer.cpp svg animation rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle webcenter portal cve-2018-3101 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql server cve-2017-3313 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where were you born where did you go to school what s your email password you know the kinds of conversation t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps itech b2b script 4.28 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml ptls5::ls find span visual boundaries memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings weaponization of a javascriptcore vulnerability ret2 systems blog se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wordpressdotcom sitowordpress zero-day content injection vulnerability found in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t fbi offers some poor password advice for online shoppers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache struts 2.x remote code execution vulnerability cve-2018-11776 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'categories vs tags seo best practices for sorting your wordpress content' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows zero-day flaw disclosed via twitter darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seyboldjenna here we go kicking things off now oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrraisedbrow hi there our team appreciates your feedback you can submit your feature request here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gstm_solutions mind if we jump in shirley check out the steps in the guide to fix chrome crashes any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap releases august 2018 security updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8027 sql injection vulnerability in core services in intel security mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt geeknik a reliable exploit for cve-2018-11776 struts st2-057 is released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion topic chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google play store has removed 145 android apps that were found to be infected with umm windows yes windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install matrix synapse chat on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8201 a csrf vulnerability in brocade virtual traffic manager versions released prior to and including 11.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt traustconsult oracle s ben swenka shares case studies for considering oracle iaas oraclecloudday cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnupg an easy way to encrypt decrypt files from command line in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rana9634 thanks for your support are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora manjaro and ubuntu mate on the raspberry pi 2 amp 3 zdnet after being disappointed by my tests with s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows rt 8.1 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for july 2018 the archive contains all of the 162 exploits added to packet storm in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coder_blvck googlechrome google hi what s holding you back of using firefox everyday jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerosum0x0 ms17-010 eternalblue exploit against windows embedded 7 coming to metasploit d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jjgarciaripoll thanks for sharing the how s everything running on windows 10 now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft excel object memory handling flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hey windowsinsiders got a passion for bashin help out in a windows10 bug bash the summer and you could win a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts jakarta multipart parser remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'register now for an exclusive webcast you won t want to miss join oracle and netsuite tomorrow at 10am pst.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft internet explorer vbscript engine cve-2018-8174 arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome site isolation arrives to mitigate spectre attacks chrome site isolation arrives to mitigate infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8414 a remote code execution vulnerability exists when the windows shell does not properly validate file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1933' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache kafka cve-2018-1288 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows 10 windows10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privileg 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday august 9th 2018 thu aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aritywolf understood let us know if you ever have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5953 the swiotlb_print_info function in lib swiotlb.c in the linux kernel through 4.14.14 allows local use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 10th 2018 tue jul 10th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt patrickwardle found file on virustotal w 15k mega accounts user names passwords amp users file listings file listings in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fuzzysec fuzzysec more ps kernel pwn gt windows kernel exploitation null pointer dereference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9311 ntp dos exploit released update your windows server ntp dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you should never upload a video directly to wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel mcafee agent up to 4.8.0 patch 2 epo server spoofing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nicolebeckwith in response to the increase in cybercrime i developed a 3 hr training for officers on how to track the people who' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enno_insinuator excellent guide on aws privilege escalation methods and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl7.x x86_64 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webroot quarterly threat update 84 of phishing sites exist for less than 24 hours' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-766-1 libcrypto security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt actionfrauduk similar to the password versions we saw recently these sextortion emails attempt to scare victims into giving in t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft launches threat tracker in office 365 security service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update zziplib suse-su-2018:1507-1 nessus plugin id 110342 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft declares summer s windows 10 upgrade fit for business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'world_of_walter hi walter we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recent wordpress flaw exploited to deface more than 1.5 million web sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_deekay that s excellent have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aisahaiug hey there that s amazing have any other new features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all work and no play not at mcafee by srinidhi software quality engineer there s more to life than infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress drcsystems ethicsolutions jssor-slider library plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install onlyoffice desktop editors 4.2 and connect it to a web office on ubuntu 16.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts perl vulnerability usn-3684-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 thunderbird elsa-2018-2251 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin job manager 4.1.0 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:nodejs 2018-d0505c1f21 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle jdeveloper information disclosure vulnerability july 2018 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking kernel exploits a bunch of proof-of-concept exploits for the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the passwords you should never use wed dec 7th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft rolls out windows 7 kb3212642 and monthly rollup kb3212646 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps carry hidden windows 10 malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberarms hamas terrorists posing as beautiful israeli women on instagram facebook and whatsapp trying to social engineer i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0180' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo data broker exactis data breach one of the biggest ever exposes millions of americans' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter inout stickboard 1.0 changepassword privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress google map plugin lt 4.0.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla ek rishta 2.10 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip travel smarter the season cortana can track your flight amp tell you if it s delayed.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort 3 beta build 247 released open-source network intrusion detection and preventio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac os x ios missing error check use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ibm remote-work pioneer is calling thousands of employees back to the office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mgedmin hi marius we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla topics 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2016:3048-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it biz embezzlement brouhaha leaves bloke with 456k migraine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riseatwork the wordpress software doesn t belong to anyone it s maintained by the community that created it so there is no support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mbromileydfir dfir and infosec join me the tuesday at 12pm cst to talk about bec cases o365 investigations and a tool relea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.6.0 kernel profiling subsystem ring_buffer.c ring_buffer_resize privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ucwindowsguy gotcha how s everything running after the updates we would love to hear your first impressions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd openssl client dos due to large dh parameter c82ecac5-6e3f-11e8-8777-b499baebfeaf nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do you or your enterprise avoid counterfeitapps in the googleplaystore learn more about the fake whatsapp a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bazwilliams croner you might want to try gdpr croner.co.uk that s certainly an interesting bad way of storing passwords.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to build a custom kali iso but not running kali new instructions on building kali on debian based systems wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install anaconda on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'europe still has concerns about privacy in windows 10 hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ugh..so it turns out that office documents have metadata and some of the ah analysts maybe forgot. is it a pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current php ssa:2018-201-01 nessus plugin id 111226 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component onispetitions 2.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln ibm mq appliance cve-2015-7420 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthewwarren new post fuzzing the .net jit compiler taking a look at the fuzzlyn project' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suning signs with sap for smart retail finance sport r amp d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use-after-free in the database interface dbi mysql driver dbd::mysql for perl perl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking wordpress flaw exploited for remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability kernel 4.2.3linux kernel 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm kvm_pit_load_count function divide by zero denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kimzetter pwnallthethings byrdinator sheesh kim neither matt nor i can confirm or deny any of your excellent reporting.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'auction script 6.49 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 's_kc_v2 thanks for confirming let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pinboard cautionary tale i took my macbook pro in to get the defective keyboard replaced apple store techs broke the logic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with the help of iot oracle cloud is bringing your supply chain to life via theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 bitlocker can be bypassed during upgrades microsoft seeking fix infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email from your boss or malicious how to be certain see our newest security service for office 365 cisco advanc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 yubico-piv-tool 2018-aa46eb30be nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from the perfect cybercrime to anonymous browsing inside the cyber criminal mind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity want to learn how to use and make the most out of oracle s internetintel map watch and listen back to the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s the industry s most widely-deployed vulnerability scanner nessus is still evolving at booth n4301' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump might ask putin to extradite the 12 russian intelligence hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drbrodix we love to hear the what have some of your favorite features been in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 7 sudo rhsa-2016:2872' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scionwest great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 2.6.18 move_pages information leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 flaw uncovered more critical than equifax bug via threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter silence speaks louder than words when finding malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cselogy hey chris we re glad you re enjoying the speed of windows 10 any new features catching your eye in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fifty percent websites are risky to browse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pearsonant make sure to check out the latest features in windows 10 here we also recommen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update graphicsmagick opensuse-2016-1414' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add custom meta boxes in wordpress posts and post types' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor overblown characterization infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4131 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bigdaddytobo hi kevin how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'padding oracle attack against telegram passport' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'donmarca hello chris can we answer any questions you may have we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google finally patches dirty cow linux vulnerability with december android security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to seclabor artem_i_baranov darryl_macleod wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201808-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'litl_snek that s an impressive amount of time what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fran_tena hi there we love your support are you currently using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt darkreading google groups misconfiguration exposes corporate data by kellymsheridan email password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozillafirefox mozilla-nss opensuse-2018-575 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seven quick seo tips:1 publish content about what you know3 write in your normal voice4 check for any broken' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read exploit cve-2018-12827 dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud the mondaymotivation comes from boingo s quick and painless road to oracle s erpcloud and epmcloud. learn ab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows secure kernel mode lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache openoffice text document malicious macro execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdrbrown hey martin what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with edge.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft 365 security integrates with your broader it ecosystem part 2 in part 1 of our blog series infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crook4money hi there can you tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three ideas that could reshape the value of security to your company jonmichaelbrook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 chromium 2016-e0e1cb2b2b nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'odddelights go here and use the username for that account marinyounker instead of youru email and your password.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:wpa_supplicant 2018-c43c1ee06f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news dnc hackers used mobile malware to track ukrainian artillery researchers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2951 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle interaction center intelligence 12.1.1 remote code execution vulnerability oracle interaction center inte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-08 linuxcifs utils buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip it s all about perspective check out these tips and tricks to get a new point of view on maps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3189-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge beta for android updated with new features there are plenty of browsers available on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nnwakelam nauru excellent tax treatment.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg rbi asks banks to shut down windowsxp on atms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome prior to 50.0.2661.102 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install asterisk on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3265 mysql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for may 2018 the archive contains all of the 282 exploits added to packet storm in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sushi or pizza mac or windows threat infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'billyschnaebitz adobe flash player came out with an update tues please update that plugin and uncheck rm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gwire paul_clarke tsb threeuk it s likely real tsb do the same thing on phone ask for 4 digits of password .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is facial recognition really such a bad idea the use and misuse of facial recognition technology a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog microsoft need to reconsider the i know it s done for commercial reasons see bundling flash with windows but it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pendragon_ow okay understood let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter what are the results' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.2 update fixes xss sql injection bugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows kernel object memory handling and initialization errors let local users obtain potentially sensitive inform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6519 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'step up your infosec in the era of trump and throw yourself a password party' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle cloud infrastructure gives a startup like us access to machines that would cost us thousands to purchase' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmioda yay we re glad you like them are you enjoying anything else in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3194-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas oracle shatters cloud storage limits 32 tb volumes 1 pb per instance with the best performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3146-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lerikscline someone had an accident outside my office that i can only assume was time-travel-related' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 535111 mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows is vulnerable to denial of service or code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt awscloud the awsamplify javascript library now supports sending analytics events to amazonkinesis streams:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3932 an exploitable stack-based buffer overflow exists in the microsoft word document conversion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google to fix location data leak in google home chromecast google in the coming weeks is expected to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps witycms 0.6.2 cross-site request forgery password change' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'register for wordcamp us to take place in philadelphia pa december 2 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'putting the ass in atlassian helpdesk email server passwords blabbed to strangers theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just shop score the deal. microsoftedge is the only browser with digital coupons built in:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'backdoor found in whatsapp could expose encrypted messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hancom office 2014 hangul hshow document buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10876 a flaw was found in linux kernel in the ext4 filesystem code a use-after-free is possible in ext4_e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update git opensuse-2018-557 nessus plugin id 110335 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10881 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-of-bound acces' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frcharles that s great to hear are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new preview build for windowsinsiders compact overlay window for multitasking dynamic pc lock amp more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1440-1 libarchive-zip-perl security update nessus plugin id 111312 with high severity sy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1390-1 procps security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter users criticise adobe for bundling chrome plug-in with security patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roucqles we re sorry to hear the have you tried clearing your browser s cache and cookies at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday study abroad educational website script sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 nagios rhsa-2017:0259' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a paypal donate button in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3149-1 linux kernel vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out j4vv4d s predictions for 2017 iot security breach reporting the fall of passwords amp more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad suse-su-2017:0331-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3146-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt felixw3000 does anyone have a sample hash of the facebook worm that is spreading lately presumably a chrome extension cc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email security issues register for tackling the challenges of migrating email to msoffice365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clam antivirus parsehwp3_paragraph denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'groovepoint we love the excitement how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 lighttpd 2018-29e4b3eb1b nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 samba cesa-2018:1860' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'envalljoakim are you in private browsing mode by any chance i see the same error when in pb mode ny' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous hacktivist barrett brown released from prison thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3039-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps vine videosite creator script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office exclusive zelda relief 20oz mug it s dangerous to go alone take coffee the exclusive infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'episerver 7 patch 4 xml injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0127 information disclosure vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi apple if hackers have our customers passwords they didn t steal them from us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'verizon to end location data sales to brokers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami java-1.8.0-openjdk alas-2018-1039 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how to safely ignore a package from being upgraded in arch linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansemea hey copenhagen don t miss windowsforensics analysis with dfs_jasonj 8 27 check out par' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3691-1 openjdk 7 vulnerabilities several security issues were fixed in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libgcrypt side-channel attack vulnerability 9b5162de-6f39-11e8-818e-e8e0b747a45a nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm read 0 buf 0xff stager execve bin sh null null shellcode 28 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network tales of wordpress plugin insecurity overblown researchers say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-133 microsoft office memory denial of service 3199168' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'command injection elevation environment variables revisited windows environment variables can be used infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt snort big news for all of the snort collectors out there snortonashelf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017 and beyond the isbuzz post the post infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt doctor_oxford not a word of response from nigel_farage to the thread despite its 8 000 retweets and 1.3 million impressions in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor a huge threat to freedom of speech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_melaniemartin okay could you be referring to windows hello we d like to sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn apache struts debug poc cve-2017-5638' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle advanced inbound telephony 12.1.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new fasttrack benefit deployment support for co-management on windows 10 devices infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with 16 bug fixes ahead of october 2018 update microsoft has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trust form plugin 2.0 on wordpress cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa web threat detection sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2010-5328 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sodapoplio we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw allows web browsing on locked pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 git-annex 2018-7e8c49a451 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from project scorpio to exclusive game releases 2017 will be an epic year for windows10 amp xbox one gamers:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dive right in to your new windows10 pc with these tips and tricks for getting started' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-056 oracle java atomicreferencefieldupdater type confusion remote code execution vulnerability the vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.9.6 videocore drm driver vc4_gem.c vc4_get_bcl denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'europol cop took terror dossier home flashed it to the web accidentally theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt linuxpundit linuxfoundation webinar open source remediation strategy address ip security amp operational risk mar 30 10am pt https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chris_jguzman hi there do you have any questions we can help with we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.3.5 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel 4.3.5 denial of service vulnerability22 mar 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hpe getting long-term archives taped spectrum of products extended upwards to tfinity fancy that flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 3.20 binary release packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-148 critical security update for microsoft office 3204068 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash exploit found in seven exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt davidroads after a storm always comes the calm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'build a secure javascript app in 20 minutes in the world of web development there is no shortage of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5390 linux kernel versions 4.9 can be forced to make very expensive calls to tcp_collapse_ofo_queue and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elreychopper understood can you go to your chrome dashboard to see if there s anything listed under bookmarks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to loadbalancerorg onedollarplugin linuxaria wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the missed schedule post error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday august 2nd 2018 thu aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mstiefvater if any of them include the lyrics to the murder squash song it s prob time for a more secure password lh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 5 thunderbird cesa-2016:2973' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious javascript targeting mobile browsers mon jun 18th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities b950a83b-789e-11e8-8545-d8cb8abf62dd nessus plugin id 110699 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'despite please from privacy advocates obama expands gov surveillance powers just days before trump takes office:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof schooled after assigning weak passwords to tutors theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2001-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joebert32 your words mean very dearly to me thank you keep up the good fight' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2255' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atwolfplanet ah understood thanks for the kind words how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel kernel-headers kernel-tools 2018-2f6df9abfb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1762-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'borked browser baked into nintendo switch how about switching to a recent version that s actually secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt revskills browser bug hunting and mobile fuzzing syscan360' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hazelraah let s have you check out the windows update troubleshooter did that do the trick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tvdh_3 understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin 4.8.1 local file inclusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to manage application certificates with docker clients commonly ask us how to use our pki and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday travel tours script 2.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drtlwl music to our ears what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free pale moon browser versions prior to 27.9.3 suffer from a use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4126 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 anniversary update saves the day against zero-day threats infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canonical announces the new minimal ubuntu os for public clouds and docker hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security hacker breached 60 unis govt agencies via sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last day to save don t miss the early bird rate for oracleopenworld your chance to save 400 ends today at midni' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12895 wordpress through 4.9.6 allows author users to execute arbitrary code by leveraging directory traver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s show is up a look at the week s news with metlstorm lauren pearl of trailofbits is in the week s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion chrome v8 has an element confusion issue with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld did you hear the news we ve launched the session catalog for oow18 explore content across the topics you care ab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn to use and understand oracle s internet intelligence map dyn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleteamusa happynewyear from all of us at oracle team usa wishing you smooth sailing into 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozillafirefox opensuse-2018-676' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patching doublepulsar to exploit windows embedded machines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux phsa-2017-0043 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 to use machine learning in latest attempt to make reboots less annoying' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beansadventure hmm interesting could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows pc w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bainesy1969 saw an article yesterday claiming dsar was brought in by the gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trishmcfarlane . larryellison letting us know that oracle competitors use the oracle autonomous database what better endorsement' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud can you hold data in your hands find out how oracle cloud can help you drive innovation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we appreciate our interns so much in the lifeatmcafee story madeleine shares her experience as a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-737-1 roundcube security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the words of organizational expert justinbklosky declutter your desktop declutter your mind. check out his' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giveoutmore password from the account settings section if you don t remember the password to log in on the new device.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure your enterprise with zohovault password management software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r_p_one sounds like fun are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 git euleros-sa-2018-1216 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9650 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac windows and linux and 55.0.2883.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle team oracle did it approx times 2:47 and 3:13 at the escapealcatraztri congrats for a great result' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft fixes faulty debian package that messed with users settings vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security firm issues patch for another windows 0-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12828 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have a use of a component with a known vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introducing the oraclenext podcast rsmartly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blendimalone hmm okay let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 server 2016 win32k privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ploughs cash into creaky police technology' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update nautilus suse-su-2018:1694-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service topic epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service risk medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our next threatspotlight is the malware gravityrat discovered by talossecurity and used in targeted attacks aga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fileless uac bypass uses windows backup and restore utility researcher matt nelson disclosed another infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms16-150 security update for secure kernel mode 3205642 severity rating importantrevision note v1.0 de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress form maker plugin multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps school management software 2.75 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation feature by default for chrome desktop users google has by default infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes report claims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'user login log plugin 2.2.1 on wordpress stored cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cisco-sa-20170310-struts2 apache struts2 jakarta multipart parser file upload code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp urges android users to manually backup their chats nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw allows web browsing on locked pcs threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans security security assurance of docker containers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2013-4659 buffer overflow in broadcom acsd allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms sql injection topic cms sql injection risk medium text:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stompgal hmm i am not having any trouble loading that site have you tried to restart your tablet or try a different browser connection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkup::remove pointer pos use-after-free ms1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-06 nghttp2 heap-use-after-free nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'surgpathatlas we appreciate all feedback feel free to send any comments to your built-in windows 10 feedback hub thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nyasirwa fantastic have you had a chance to check out all the latest features in the windows10 april 2018 updat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review kali linux certification cross-browser fingerprinting most common passwords of 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco webex chrome extension remote command execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tifftay4 wonderful how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7875 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable int' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nathan_sp21 that s odd can you try downloading chrome beta and see if you still experience the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patch tuesday fix issues for zero-day in flash player adobe rounded out 2016 the same way it rang infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov bouroo easytechsec wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dwunwin aburone no linus will not work at microsoft or red hat or pixar but he did make a lot of money for th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4161' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poll americans believe trump will bring change worried about russia hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 biggest celebrity password blunders of 2016 l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quietstormceo can you send a link to your site we ll try to point you in the right direction.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2768 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami java-1.7.0-openjdk alas-2018-1064 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws expose siemens protection relays to dos attacks ics scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome blink speechrecognitioncontroller use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-4338 the mysql user parameter configuration script userparameter_mysql.conf in the agent in zabbix befo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt projectzerobugs linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brianhonan sap cso security requires context' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'humbleeinstein are you still experiencing the issue if yes try with a new chrome profile amp keep us posted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perfectlyunwell fantastic we re thrilled to hear that everything s running smoothly are you enjoying any other features on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kmkz_security up to date windows amp linux kernel exploits collections for privesc purposes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-0706 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt beaker no we don t all advocate that at all people who don t threat model and think risk is a 4 letter word advocate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spending the afternoon with the whole team for the latest oracleiaas all-hands meeting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the new google chrome scam could infect your computer with malw infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_wisroyq component pid parameter sql injection vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter packet storm new exploits for july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp flaw lets users modify group chats to spread fake news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alyxgardiner please email us at passwordhelp wordpress.com to further help you with the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sourcetree remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pulled pork suricata amp snort rule management pulled pork is a perl based tool for suricata and snort infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'queenkatebishop hi there check out the guide about repairing chrome when it s not responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk .conf18 to feature industry visionaries and product innovations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'by what logic does anyone actually believe that i brought up subjective amp visceral threats based upon my own expe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 expat rhsa-2016:2824' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'curious about android user enabled security in terms of passwords and gestures read chapter 19 from seeking the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel fs pipe.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee mvision portfolio as a saas-delivered workspace mcafee announced mcafee mvision a portfolio infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk .conf18 to feature industry visionaries and product innovations helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new blog why intermediate mitigation measures may be required for apachestruts security vulnerabilities:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good suse-su-2017:0210-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canadian agency breached as hackers exploit cve-2017-5638 flaw in apache struts 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openstack oslo.middleware cve-2017-2592 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lol babayaga wordpress malware updates your site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kmkz_security oracle weblogic rce deserialization vulnerability cve-2018-2628 dzone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schneier warns of perfect storm tech is becoming autonomous and security is garbage infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pozzo and lucky the phantom shell stego in tcp ip part 2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft windows gdi32.dll emr_setdibitstodevice heap-based out-of-bounds reads memory disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6662 privilege escalation vulnerability in mcafee management of native encryption mne before 4.1.4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.3.5 crypto algif_hash.c hash_accept denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top story malware strikes google chrome users with tricky new technique' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability sap business objects infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords dhs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sp3akzy that s great how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt metlstorm mfw when recording the weeks riskybusiness and oracle ballsup patching rce in weblogic so that it its still vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to rifcoru wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grenangen great we re happy to hear the how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nyasirwa we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is the difference between posts vs pages in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6671 application protection bypass vulnerability in mcafee epolicy orchestrator epo 5.3.0 through 5.3.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aldous2018 i believe they appointed carlgottlieb as their data protection officer would be interesting to learn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution topic oracle weblogic server deserializ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juliofilizzola poxa julio estamos aqui para ajudar voc poderia nos explicar um pouco melhor o que est acontecendo com o seu chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _oribz my brother hasn t returned home since yesterday but his car was found in wuse today pls if you have info call 0817' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 network-manager-applet vulnerability usn-3217-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress simply poll 1.4.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 xslt engine heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'antix mx-16 metamorphosis linux os is just around the corner rc1 out now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netrainc uses oracle cloud infrastructure to help businesses make sense of the tsunami of digital imagery on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 business users targeted in punycode-based phishing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap erp defence forces and public security remote authorization bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new method discovered to crack wpa wpa2 psk enabled wifi network passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1767-1 moderate matrix-synapse an update that fixes one infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14614 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an out-of-bounds access in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3932 an exploitable stack-based buffer overflow exists in the microsoft word document conversion functiona' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fujitsu s wolfgang ries explains how opensource software is a bit like magic in his talk from linuxcon europe:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jvndb-2017-001973:epesi epesi epesi-master modules utils recordbrowser favorites.php ur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt d_olex steventseeley mov ax gs cmp ax 0x2b je windows_shellcode jmp linux_shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'narhimaabbas thank you so much for your kind words we love having fans like you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'also saprouter is a can of worms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3109 vulnerability in the oracle fusion middleware mapviewer component of oracle fusion middleware subcom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside higher education has released its 2018 survey of college and university business officers the results highl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity firefox zero-day can be used to unmask tor browser users mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with narrator changes and improvements microsoft has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no backdoor but whatsapp can snoop encrypted conversations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam securityaffairs hacking malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cannibal if you suffer from service epilepsy ask your doctor if office365 is right for you.to give them credit the malici' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erratarob the internet didn t prolong life of supreme court justices nor was it restricted to those w excellent h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam during what was called a routine infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome to the future' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3247-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk infosec itsecuritynew' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brownteaming highmeh mllelicious rtmcx crediting people is just common decency i always enjoy people doing stu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity swan hills mla frank alban to host free cyber crime seminar in ellenbrook forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shrimp_itt hi tammatha you can find out more on windows ink here please let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'think your online content is yours think again they can read your passwords travel plans ideas and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mmandcompany are you using a browser or the mobile app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hyssydan we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9555 the sctp_sf_ootb function in net sctp sm_statefuns.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.8 lacks chunk-le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kristenlynndiaz we love your excitement kristen how are you liking windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update icoutils opensuse-2017-104' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7273 the graphics component in microsoft windows 10 the graphics component in microsoft windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rauseo12 address if you have a self-hosted wordpress site you hosting provider might have it set up that they do the update for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5187 google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.85 for android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google and microsoft herald death of flash with default browser blocks microsoft followed google s lead infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network time protocol daemon ntpd 4.x lt 4.2.8p12 4.3.x lt 4.3.94 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd apache httpd denial of service in http 2 cb0bf1ec-bb92-11e6-a9a5-b499baebfeaf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday javascript core javascriptcore arbitrary code execution exploit cve-2018-4192 remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4231-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas happening tomorrow 6 26 concerns about migrating oracle applications to the cloud if so join the free webcas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news explained apple icloud kept deleted browser histories for over a year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux reverse shell shellcode 66 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap hybris up to 5.x management console java information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 doubleagent zeroday hijacks microsoft tool turns antivirus into malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yourenotreall gotcha we suggest checking out the latest features here how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change the font size in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure the davolink dvw 32000 router suffers from a password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bethesda sues warner bros for copying fallout shelter with new westworld ios game infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooks has opinions about how the cia should have run the chinese covcom.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how password managers protect your identity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-2950 sql injection vulnerability in ibm bigfix sql injection vulnerability in ibm bigfix remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gwire yep at my last job i would look for them in siem logs test them then reset user passwords.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us charges 12 russian intelligence officers for hacking dnc running dcleaks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter real design sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2018-0248 bunker buster foreshadow meltdown poodle spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers now have international coalitions we need the same to fight back guest the internet has broken infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb administration commands for beginners' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter lastpass flaws allow hackers to steal passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel s clear linux now shipping server 1.19 kernel 4.8.11 and mesa 13.0.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5737 the gerrit configuration in the openstack the gerrit configuration in the openstack puppet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'master_jorn great choice make sure to check out all the latest features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1046 nessus plugin id 111337 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wikileaks cia vault 7 dump apple samsung google whatsapp telegram signal react' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 curl freetype2 glibc systemd phsa-2017-0041 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows macos hacked at pwn2own 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 mujs zathura-pdf-mupdf 2016-2edfd75312 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14607 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows in a client server configuration transfe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter slackware 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2018-176-01 nessus plugin id 110693 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 insert php code injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tar suse-su-2016:2896-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'galaxyjimin27 we re glad to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'journeyofjag hi matt have you tried performing a hard reset on your chromebook press refresh and power keys toge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0231' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manage engine exchange reporter plus unauthenticated remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linking password strength to expiry results in stronger passwords but more password resets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liam2d2 understood let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4232-1 xen security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivandashsmith nice would you mind leaving the feedback for us in the windows 10 feedback hub as well' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsfw exploding e-cig cost me 7 teeth burned my face and broke my sink healthy smoking puts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dalerapp themelines wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium cve-2016-5212 google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle your gdpr implementation is anti-consumer bad faith crap and doesn t mean ico guidance to opt out i had' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft windows limited bypass of traverse permissions in kernel object manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_laurenu we d love to give you some tips and tricks for windows 10 do you have any questions we can help answer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly setup google amp on your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft details tweaks to its windows 7 8.1 patch rollups' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps ultimate viral media script 1.0 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gknauss very excited to see the bug i filed against ios 10 fixed in ios 12.and by excited i mean disappointed and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.8.0-openjdk rhsa-2018:2241 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update openslp suse-su-2018:1916-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity vulnerability remote exploits vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 rest api privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thinking about using docker w jenkinsci we got your back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jesterarke that s great to hear are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 xfa engine buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony3 2018-c8ddc44bbb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the cia appears to have copied instructions from reddit on how to hack windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to maldevel darryl_macleod prevaj wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an internet explorer aero-day security vulnerability has been adopted by rig exploit kit after publication of poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking shadow brokers re-emerge with nsa s secret exploits for sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where does the quest for knowledge transform into chasing your own tail good question jonmichaelbrook has the an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts liblouis vulnerabilities usn-3669-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'temporary patch available for recent windows task scheduler alpc zero-day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3150-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert publicly disclosed exploit code for windows task scheduler zeroday securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley some password advice for t-mobile s boss johnlegere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft shares windows 10 telemetry data with third parties' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4253-1 network-manager-vpnc security update nessus plugin id 111234 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities adobe flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 perl-dbd-mysql 2016-54fd3bf412' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd love the energy in oraclecol leaving my mark' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how my mcafee internship launched my career' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bganesh11 mapping interest communities in russian facebook ads preliminary visualisation reveals a number of broad interest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft finally released windows 10 redstone 5 iso images to insiders microsoft has finally released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet tsmc says variant of wannacry virus brought down its plants' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenkins_donny looks great donny have you made any other masterpieces with windows ink lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-8651 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center 1 million android accounts compromised by android malware called gooligan arstechnica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joemet123 great we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows atom tables code injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2016-0785 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash flaws dominate exploit kits in 2016 the top 10 vulnerabilities the year were mostly adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erypto here you have instructions for import bookmarks from google chrome gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cipesaug the govt of zambia is set to introduce a daily levy on internet calls through platforms such as viber whatsapp amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 bash rhsa-2017:0725' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libgcrypt11 libgcrypt20 vulnerability usn-3689-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2017-0016 memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5212 google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt guedou intelpt windowsintelpt driver for intel processor trace functionality in intel skylake architecture reconbrx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inspired by a bowl of cheerios generalmills brought simplicity and value to their hr transformation:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deja vu all over again another new apache struts vulnerability cve-2018-11776' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sammie_james87 oraclefoodbev oracle here are my crazy puggles happy nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat overflow in utf-8 decoder lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp operations orchestration 10.x lt 10.70 wsexecutionbridgeservice servlet java object deserialization rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to prayer securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component joomblog 1.3.1 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2557-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 plugin command injection exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts amd64-microcode update usn-3690-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer to run shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 xmlrpc3 rhsa-2018:1779 nessus plugin id 110280 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 50.0.2661.102 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday softmaker office 201x privilege escalation vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hurdonthehill as a former cia officer and a congressman on the house intelligence committee i can affirmatively say there is not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deleti 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 email phishing and data breaches very common detect protect inform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook pledges tough election monitoring as critical internal memo from its chief security officer surfaces' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dabic_vojislav music to our ears which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'themoddersden that s fantastic we can t wait to see what you create with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking ransack campaigns target hadoop and couchdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3144-2 linux kernel omap4 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has amazing team members all over the world today in austin is just a small subset of what makes oracle gre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dubdevdesign vsoch wordpress nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libqt4 suse-su-2018:1902-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s hacking russia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting topic wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress photo plugin opens a million sites to sqli database feasting theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat patches important security vulnerabilities the apache software foundation asf has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts evolution-data-server vulnerability usn-3724-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-16-625 adobe flash player regexp then stack-based buffer overflow remote code execution vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vessonsecurity blocking both smb and wmi inbound via windows firewall works really well and is perfectly effectiv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk acquires victorops in 120 million deal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kapustkiy hacked the national assembly of ecuador website the hacker broke into the backend of the www infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln openstack glance cve-2017-7200 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity adobe fixes actively exploited critical vulnerability in flash player infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gd opensuse-2016-1510' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'austingragg hmm interesting we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter to ensure everything continues to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools 8.55 obtain information vulnerability peoplesoft enterprise peopl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln splunk enterprise cve-2016-10126 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-42 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ignite realtime openfire 3.7.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla sponsor wall 7.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update google chrome immediately to patch a high severity vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux arm bindshell tcp 4444 ipv6 shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap businessobjects financial consolidation input validation flaw lets remote users conduct cross-site scripting a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suricata idpe 3.2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsblog meet microsoft news a new way to stay informed across the web windows 10 ios and android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dcominottim thanks for sharing the with us danilo your feedback allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2016-7890 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo mccaskill says senate office was target of phishing scam cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keynote speakers announced for linuxfoundation open fintech forum including brianbehlendorf sallyeaves' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tips to prevent office 365 data loss as a result of ransomware l spanningbackup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pua.browseforthecause type potentially unwanted app.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thousands of wordpress sites hacked using recently disclosed vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5577 remote security vulnerability fusion middleware cve-2016-5577' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fmoneykhan hi faraaz what happens when you re trying to launch chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts urge rapid patching of struts bug in september 2017 equifax disclosed that a failure to patch infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian police detained cybercriminals who broke into the accounts of 700 000 customers of popular internet stores' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernels 4.8.10 and 4.4.34 lts out now add sparc64 and networking fixes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your weekly news briefing via linuxdotcom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt security_faqs campaign group big brother watch has accused hmrc of creating id cards by stealth after it was revealed the uk tax' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bae systems and splunk secure u.s government clouds through machine learning helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adbeitman mind if we jump in adam have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce trend micro officescan directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tchucodinelli music to our ears how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker apologizes for talktalk and post office ddos attack says it was an accident' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chromecast and home speaker can leak location data to websites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm powerkvm up to 3.1.0.1 linux kernel loop denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use debian want intel s latest cpu patch small print sparks big problem linux distro hits the brakes infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how whatsapp vulnerability allows snooping on encrypted messages and why it may be a big deal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-3438 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analyzing the sap june 2018 security patch day securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5214 google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for windows mishandled downloaded files which allowed a remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to secmash wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good suse-su-2017:0237-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aircrack-ng wireless network tools 1.3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig scada system 9 remote code execution seig scada system version 9 suffers from a remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off envira gallery premium wordpress gallery plugin use coupon bf2016 cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does your iaas provider really understand enterprise applications oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eff visit our table on the second floor of hilton atlanta and learn how to make a sci-fi or fantasy-themed password u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla docman 1.6 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b2b alibaba clone script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lauramoscrop give these steps a try menu gt settings gt advanced settings gt system gt uncheck use hardware acceleration gt restart chrome any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sshaybae we know it may be a bit out of your budget but we think the dell inspiron may be an excellent match:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishers use zerofont technique to bypass office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'say hello to our newest intern emily nickolas we hope you are enjoying your first week at mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hp network automation rpcservlet java object deserialization rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enterprise_time oracle cloud expands in 2017 and 2018 apac europe me and us all named oraclecloud world' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-9585 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338814 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity decoding an ios vulnerability mobilesecurity iossecurity hitbgsec slides by doadam and zimperium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2017:0123 docker-latest security bug fix and enhancement update problem description an update for d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt endtoend2018 john o groats record broken after the most unbelievable 43 hours 25 minutes and 13 seconds thank you to the whol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9083 local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-9083 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'questions about java applications join crichardson as part of reddit_ama developer legend series by oracledevs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip write on now you can fill out text fields with a digital pen get started here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the end of passwords not in the near future the media has proclaimed the password is dead and that a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9312 ntpd in ntp before 4.2.8p9 when running on windows allows remote attackers to cause a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2186-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortigate lt 6.0.1 plain text credentials fg-ir-18-027 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday b2b marketplace script 2.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mwbbrown i started over leased an apartment and didn t move stuff haven t seen any old friends or family in 9 months other than my mom.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'free 3g internet from whatsapp no it s a scam nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux arm execve bin sh bin sh null shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wireshark 2.2.x lt 2.2.15 2.4.x lt 2.4.7 2.6.x lt 2.6.1 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110269 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gerosan we re glad you like it are you enjoying any other shortcuts in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 mobile enterprise data concerns to prepare for now mobile platforms and the internet have brought infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eu wallops whatsapp imessage and gmail hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azure security center now guards windows server 2016 vms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung unveils chromebook plus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86-64 bin sh c reboot shellcode 89 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mozilla-thunderbird updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt orclcitizenship . dtechhs students put their thinking caps on at oraclefoundation workshops dtechatoracle oraclevolunteers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drupal up to 8.2.2 user password reset cache privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hww1955 fantastic are you enjoying any other new features besides timeline in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control vulnerab 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'important security practices for users to open microsoft office documents securely microsoft office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'magnicomp sysinfo information exposure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter personal password practices place thousands of uk businesses at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richardstokoe that s awesome richard do you have any other projects in mind for windows 10 iot core' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338820 windows server 2012 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-21 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast expose location data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supreme court opens door to worldwide patent damages the supreme court issued a disappointing opinion infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alextaito99 vuplayer 2.49 exploit for windows dep bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity decrypting an ios appstore application mobilesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamnathanme yes a scam what i am curious about is that the email contained a password unique to a specific servi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news the linux foundation announces 2017 events schedule' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5493 wp-includes ms-functions.php in the multisite wordpress api in wordpress before 4.7.1 does not prope' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts openssl openssl1.0 vulnerabilities usn-3692-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn about the top host based intrusion detection hids tools available today download our free white pa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp scam leads to brutal lynching' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checkpointsw the slammer worm is back after 13 years to target ancient sql slammer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee announces 100k bounty to anyone who can hack his bitfi wallet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt antyurin result of my research about current situation with deserialization vulns in javascript nodejs hacking pentest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t talktalk and post office customers lose internet access as routers hijacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openstack oslo.middleware cve-2017-2592 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shortxstack chromebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamtheshubham30 thanks for you kind words do you currently use a surface pen for your work shubham' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap single sign on denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:1965 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2576-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8248 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft excel software when the softwa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs learning about bare metal from thomas kurian oraclecode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dirty data flogged cores yes microsoft sql server r services has its positives the language isn t the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update qemu-kvm on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian cyber espionage group turla leverages on a new javascript turla malware espiona' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reverse shell via weblogic apple patchesi hardening azure ad password selection podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kayphanga those are some wonderful memories what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tracto erc20 integer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook s new message to whatsapp make money' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin export users to csv 1.1.1 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russbroom hey there could be a few things happening and we have a solution to each of them here gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.6 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 curl euleros-sa-2018-1203 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itech b2b script 4.28 catcompany.php token sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a user role in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:epiphany 2018-de5457b0a2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.3 amp lt 2.3.34 2.5 amp lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hilalkhaan that s amazing we can t wait to see what you create for windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to anthonymfreed wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ea_foundation number of unique crashes as reported by afl is its most misused feature it should never be reported as part of res' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adam metlstorm is back to discuss: cosco shipping ransomwared dhs warning on impending erp attacks charge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4215-1 batik security update nessus plugin id 110316 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt flashpointintel how can deep amp dark web intelligence support executiveprotection ceo josh lefkowitz explains in securityweek https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity smb zero-day affects several windows versions including windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2948 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smtp exfil puzzle encrypted office documents recent port 8000 scans webusb issues podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tariff war of words with china resulting in cyberattacks against the u.s scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soreiidoq hi there have you tried the steps in the guide to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nurynlollipopz hmm just to verify are you still experiencing the issue after reinstalling google chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security trendmicro interscan 6.5-sp2_build_linux_1548 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_nzuki hi ken have a look at the guide to help speed up chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player up to 24.0.0.194 integer buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behavioral research showing consumers choosing paswordless mfa infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what you need to know apache struts vulnerability 8 22 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec soa school management sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local debian 9 ntfs-3g privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday pale moon browser amp lt 27.9.3 use after free vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hardwear.io 2017 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i realize that google adwords is automated but probably google shouldn t be taking money from ddos-for-hire servic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from today google chrome starts marking all non-https sites not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1438-1 opencv security update nessus plugin id 111223 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer passwords for tens of thousands of dahua devices cached in iot search engine by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3138-1 python-cryptography vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its deri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaoarika hi there in the case we recommend reaching out to the google chrome forums for more specific help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christopherbudd msftsecresponse yeah it was in a campaign two weeks ago they open in excel and use a dde explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coming soon get the first news about the windows 10 october 2018 update then take a trip to the next frontier of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 samba elsa-2018-1860 nessus plugin id 110702 with low severity synopsis the remote oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers are latching onto a newly discovered apache struts megavulnerability to mine cryptocurrency on infected sy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gentilkiwi gentle reminder when you delete certificates on windows it does not delete associated private keys on the disk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update openssh suse-su-2017:0607-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update sane-backends opensuse-2017-318' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday december 21st 2016 wed dec 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alannaharrist young marketing interns reaching new heights of excitement watching oracle global employee summit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 xslt engine type confusion buffer overfl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle peoplesoft products flaws let remote users access and modify data and local users access data o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos windows speech recognition buffer overflow exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6468 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officialmcafee wayajol usually i just look for words amp phrases like unhackable .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beaker the enterprise fighting a dragon stormtrooper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elacabiles hey there can we answer any questions you may have we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what can you accomplish with a website of your own hilde kate lysiak s poweredbywordpress site orange street new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft breaks network connectivity for windows 8 amp 10 users microsoft breaks network connectivity for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3119-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arturodicorinto security expert disclosed a full zero-day drive-by exploit for linux leveraging' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jarvis brings ai to the linux command line without iron man' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new method discovered for cracking wpa2 wi-fi passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-16-639 apple os x windowserver xsetdictionaryforcurrentsession type confusion privilege escalat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 creators update brings new security capabilities microsoft introduces new enterprise security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update python-python-gnupg opensuse-2018-646' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'goal teammates make connections on the field and in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nca_lynneowens undercover policing is a highly specialised amp regulated tactic undertaken by brave officers to protect the public f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'navetti pricepoint 4.6.0.0 xss csrf sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla onisquotes 2.5 component sql injection webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wolfiechristl indeed browser fingerprinting remains on the frontlines of the privacy battle today tech developm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sc media july 2018 product reviews mcafee endpoint security l mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'strutszeiro telegram bot to manage botnets created with struts vulnerability cve-2017-5638' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity u.s could ask visa applicants for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how windows 10 data collection trades privacy for security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toshiba plans to ship a 1tb flash chip to manufacturers the spring' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mc documentation creator sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1000201 ruby-ffi version 1.9.23 and earlier has a dll loading issue which can be hijacked on windows os w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2016:3043-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7275 microsoft office 2010 sp2 2013 sp1 2013 rt sp1 and 2016 mishandles library loading which allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news wordpress fixes xss csrf flaws in latest core update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sungard etrakit3 cve-2016-6566 sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1825-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '821 000 user records exposed due to misconfigured mongodb for smart stuffed toys networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securing communications in a trump administration susan landau has an excellent essay on why it s more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aboodj_dxb hi there aww thanks we are so happy you enjoy using google and google chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2018-910 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jlex369 if no we would recommend installing the windows updates and try to install the dell mobile connect applic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'highlandl4ss looks like some epic changes to your pc setup are you working on any interesting projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2017-3252 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spigot browser hijackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday pagekit 1.0.10 password reset exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq persistent cross-site scripting vulnerability in user access manager wordpress plugin infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5546 the svpn and policyserver components of the f5 big-ip apm client prior to version 7.1.7.1 for linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3725-1 icu security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday december 14th 2016 wed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'munin metlstorm no it just takes a long time to get back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert issues advisory after researchers report increase in attacks against sap and oracle erp apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress fancybox for wordpress plugin full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'time is yours to command with the new timeline feature in windows10 go back and forth between your activities ear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg face-palm us patent and trademark office database down for 5 days and counting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 2.6.32-rc1 x86_64 register leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 pumped for the oracleiaas team keynoting the oracle tokyo innovation summit and evangelizing oraclecloud cc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dvararesearch new working paper effective enforcement of a data protection regime a model for risk-based supervision using res' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress form maker 1.12.24 xss csrf sql injection wordpress form maker plugin versions 1.12.24 and below' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap hana db 1.00.091.00.1418659308 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers latch onto new apache struts megavuln to mine cryptocurrency theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new turning tables technique bypasses all windows kernel mitigations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.18 benefits from energy-aware scheduling on arm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2018-668 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2255-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ginger_daile hmm let s try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range as all time and then restart t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel haswell now supports opengl 4.5 with mesa-git on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crowdstrike appoints paul shinn as chief legal officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r 3.4.4 bufer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 now available makes it easier to switch from windows 10 or mac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new free chrome plugin blocks cryptojacking browser attacks qualys also plans firefox safari ie infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpsbmu03685 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roguetoad27 hi there can you please tell us more about what you re experiencing we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update opencv opensuse-2018-629 nessus plugin id 110543 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hds kicks flash array baby out of pram hfs a-series given pink slip told to walk the plank we re infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adidas website hacked change your passwords now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with dark theme for file explorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zipttify excellent do you have a specific price range you d like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. wordpress plugins leave blackfriday shoppers vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-4218-1 memcached security update nessus plugin id 110386 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity ios vulnerabilities writeups github repo mobilesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberdan very nice keep spreading the word we need to take threats seriously but with less doom and gloom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4565 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome now features site isolation to defend against spectre threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.8.11 denial of service overflow memory corruption bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 curl libtiff linux phsa-2017-0050 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm websphere remote code execution java deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress contact form maker plugin multiple security vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 xmlrpc alas-2018-1041 nessus plugin id 110780 with high severity synopsis the remote amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3326 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338825 windows 10 version 1709 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3249-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear multiple products remote and local password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5558 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imperva securesphere 11.5 12.0 13.0 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle lays off java mission control team after open sourcing product' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google once again publicly discloses windows bug after microsoft fails to patch it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial linux-aws vulnerabilities usn-3676-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress disables plugins that expose e-commerce sites to attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 qemu-kvm-rhev rhsa-2018:2060 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle peoplesoft hcm 9.2 cross site scripting vulnerability remote exploits vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv byp 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday tor browser torbrowser 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell idrac products multiple vulnerabilities june 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1440-1 libarchive-zip-perl security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6662 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghostscript 9.20 command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt campuscodi so basically more than 50 of all internet-accessible mongodb servers have been compromised' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us charges two fsb officers two criminal hackers in yahoo breach fsb s office responsible for liason infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 things you should do when inheriting a wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papers buffer overflow for windows egghunter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3669-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password stealing spying malware targets ukrainian government' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle java se multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-9028 weak cryptography used for passwords in ca privileged access manager 2.x reduces the complexity for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'super_sullivan ah gotcha when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ddos attacks against digital broadcasters to worsen in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrbenninger thanks for doing that matthew how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast down reboot them to fix the glitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 php euleros-sa-2018-1224 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9191 the cgroup offline implementation in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 mishandles certain drain operat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-006 cumulative security update for internet explorer 4013073' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10154 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-10154 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday online tshirt design script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clarification it was only one service the password was used only on a vle tool used by a local school so we ll see.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal topic geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal risk medi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b2b alibaba clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'battyealison is causing the slowness if clearing the browser cache and restarting your router doesn t help also' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 7 expat cesa-2016:2824 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2017-0009' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel graphics installer for linux 2.0.3 supports ubuntu 16.10 and fedora 24' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funktgf we re happy to have users like you what has been your favorite change to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap hana remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to yo9fah gn3mes1s t_toyota wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azumanace hi there what happens when you try to load chrome do you see an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2321-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player for mac lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24 nessus plugin id 110977 with high severity synop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 18.04 lts libarchive vulnerabilities usn-3736-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three tools enable devops for windows shops by adbertram' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samuriinbred sap_aws saprouter any any done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trend micro s zdi bug bounty goes server side wordpress drupal et al come under the microscope in 1.5m infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timinroy you said it are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sammichmaster5k yay we re glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to mount and use an exfat drive on ubuntu linux quick tip' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome 57 patches 35 vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brob2407 how does the criminal law adapt to rapid changes in modern technology does the use of drones to fly drugs and othe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 teeworlds 2016-df20b90635 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all things apple updated today itunes windows safari macos ios tvos watchos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpgeodirectory who s best to contact about a security vulnerability in one of your wordpress themes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how well security features are implemented in different browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 updates under fire from unhappy security admins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have you been wanting to become a linux systems admin or a linux systems engineer or what about a kubernetes ad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-8743 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 54 blink heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress 4.7 4.7.1 rest api content injection exploit remote exploits 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox 52 kills plugins except flash and runs up a red flag for http' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux command line navigation tips the basics of pushd and popd commands' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daggarwal we thought you might like it which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'troyhunt are you an android forums user resets your passwords databreach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-2779 runuser in util-linux allows local users to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt antisnatchor cheers riskybusiness metlstorm for the mention on the usual suspect podcast risky business appreciated - gues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'musicnutjp did you try to update your ubuntu to 16.04 mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee_labs breaks down the north korean malware family tree full details via ionut_ilascu of bleepincomputer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3211-1 php vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows task scheduler contains a local privilege escalation vulnerability in the alpc interface' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel ics and apple post patch tuesday alerts and patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft solitaire collection from windows 10 now available for android and ios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update pcre suse-su-2016:3161-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet appoints phil quade as chief information security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dup scout enterprise 9.1.14 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'go rat go athenago points torwords portugal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kuttch_wala mind if we jump in kasim can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-171 microsoft windows javascript spread operator stack-based buffer overflow remote code execution vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tee up an amazing pro-golf experience our exclusive pgatour for windows10 app is here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openstack oslo.middleware cve-2017-2592 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched edge browser susceptible to wavethrough bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mixtape_ch red green supersnort blackhat snort black grey blue. off the top of my head.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'surprise thanks to the cloud you ve got a hybrid infrastructure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql cluster 7.4.x lt 7.4.13 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbgn03677 rev.1 hpe network automation using rpcservlet and java infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spammers work up a hailstorm darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ondrejricica we re also glad that your problem got solved happy browsing to you gf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt metasploit hiding metasploit shellcode to evade windows defender last month s update from _sinn3r on improving payload evasio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortios 5.x lt 5.4.2 flow-mode detection bypass nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'networkactiv web server 4.0 pre-alpha-3.7.2 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steam profile integration 2.0.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday tor browser amp amp lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps clone script directory script 1.1.0 cid parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db mailchimp for wordpress lt 4.0.10 authenticated cross-site scripting xss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chuckmcshane just adding a little sunshine to your day what are your thoughts on windows 10 so far chuck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 6 7 expat cesa-2016:2824' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cloudflare bug exposed passwords other sensitive data from websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install docker and run docker containers on fedora 25' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4231-1 libgcrypt20 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mpt cyber_hampshire yes in the fullness of time chrome won t say anything for https sites and will be all red a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers hack whatsapp accounts through ss7 protocol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update zsh opensuse-2018-699' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3673-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-29 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah overcoming some spectre browser mitigations cc jonathanafek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware new whatsapp scam offering free internet without wi-fi eset welivesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers now hit mysql databases with ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday posnic 1.03 unauthorized password recovery vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko but why does google chrome show an image of of all things a dinosaur when it can t connect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 52.0.2743.116 webkit cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_justinluna excellent choice thanks for sharing with us justin be sure to let us know if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mozillafirefox opensuse-2016-1534' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability in oracle database could allow for complete compromise rss generated with fetchrss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enjoying cupcakes amp champagne sparkling cider to celebrate at the san mateo alienvault office cfo andy johnson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd-link eyeon baby monitor dcs-825l command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 07 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm qradar siem unauthenticated remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7100 a potential security vulnerability has been identified in hpe officeconnect 1810 switch series hp 18' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt itdirector brought the kit home for my husband from defcon26 and we built it together now he can t wait to do another toge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse and microsoft collaborate to deliver enterprise linux kernel optimized for azure helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uh oh whatsapp has admitted that it is storing unencrypted backup data on google drive as part of a new deal to e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display wordpress photos in columns and rows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers could spoof whatsapp messages sender names' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jesswilliams93 there are no issues on our side no please see if clearing your browser cache and cookies make any difference.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tapplock smart lock security is amazing they can remotely unlocked by the mac key which bluetooth broadcasts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'http public key pinning is the firefox browser insecure without it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox to end support for windows xp vista' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a firefox bug that enables attackers to access the browser s master password went undetected for nine years learn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reactos 0.5 open source windows-compatible os to offer windows vista-like style' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using new way to bypass microsoft office 365 protections phishing works no matter how infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit topic wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best wordpress caching plugins to speed up your website 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moddedhalo ah gotcha how has your overall windows experience been lately we d love to hear what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiagovieira we re happy to hear the setup went well we recommend learning about windows 10 comprehensive built' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ex top mozilla dev to windows users ditch all antivirus except microsoft s defender infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update zlib suse-su-2017:0004-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libx11 multiple vulnerabilities fe99d3ca-a63a-11e8-a7c6-54e1ad3d6335 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure linux post exploitation cheat sheet infosec pentest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iyahvevo hey there how did the rest of the update go we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome now labels http sites as not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unauthorized change detected i recently posted the below on the sans internet storm center how do you infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'loravara hey lorana just to confirm what version of chrome you re using to check go to your address bar amp type in chrome: version .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln util-linux cve-2016-5011 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2961 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'volexity critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms buzz 2.9 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 152097-91 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux security made simple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows adodb.record object file overwrite packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1403-1 zendframework security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt planzi the gents behind riskybusiness metlstorm party bhusa infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 firefox rhsa-2018:2113' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt antisocial_eng dorset police use paper aeroplanes thrown through open windows to get that security advice in it s cheeky it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla spider calendar lite 3.2.16 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scidiv glad to hear everything s working properly are you working on any interesting projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 kernel elsa-2018-2384 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will you be at linuxcon containercon cloudopen china next week be sure to visit the suse booth and thank t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'used to big brother chinese learn value of privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mindlessjd that s fantastic james have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 anniversary update with ransomware protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 inode integer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhsa-2016:2919-1 important chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is working on a new design language for windows 10 codenamed project neon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tarah splunk congratulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'electoral college should ignore lessig reading the exchange between law profs disappoints me 1 2 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp google map 4.0.4 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3206-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its der' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roblox won t work on google chrome here s how to fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and_fez right on how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-043 advantech webaccess updatetemplate sql injection information disclosure vulnerability the vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enisa- forth_hellas nis summer school will take place on 24-28 9 in heraklion make sure not to miss an excelle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has issued three fixes for a critical solaris vulnerability that could allow kernel-level privilege escala' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1476-1 dropbear security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2162 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers now selling windows av exploits in new zeronet marketplace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arcilite those are some great memories are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google android rilsapsocket.cpp gain privileges vulnerability google android rilsapsocket.cpp gain privileges vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'veeam backup v2 for microsoft office 365 delivers data protection and recovery helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brunoborges say hello to oracle s container registry a place to download pre-built docker images for key products like java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft the azure password-banning tool will help kill off bad p w0rd habits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jamiesmithlove . linuxfoundation announces 22 new silver and associate members the month meet them all at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9680 citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows citrix provisioning services before 7.12 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to domaininames blueskybd92 wrconsultancy wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.18.7 denial of service overflow vulnerability home ask the team mailing lists adv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0167' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe linux-azure vulnerabilities usn-3695-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1443-1 evolution-data-server security update nessus plugin id 111315 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast reminder qualys webcast will begin in 30 minutes featuring sans mbromileydfir sign up now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony4 2018-7f43cbdb69 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ajaltamimi my magnum opus 56 000 words :full text translation amp analysis of islamic state west africa province s book about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle_jwarren7 nrf17 preview join me on thurs jan 5 register today for latest innovations oracleretail v16 live on thurs jan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ntp 4.2.8p11 local buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3 denial of service gain privileges memory corruption vulnerability the team mailing lis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284878 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110484 w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5169 if manipulated hyperlinked text with chrome: url contained in it is dragged and dropped on the hom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter leading linux distros dawdle as kernel flaw persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 mariadb euleros-sa-2018-1187 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lifewinning a single german word for the anguish of the science fiction writer who accurately predicts a dystopia scenario' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.637 execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 11.2.202.637 execute code vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284860 windows 10 june 2018 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome 56 release date news amp update google browser to flag http websites as not secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the vmware airwatch agent for android prior to 8.2 and airwatch agent for windows mobile prior to 6.5.2 contain a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla music collection 3.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google ordered by us court to produce emails stored abroad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin breach weak passwords are the norm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338824 windows 8.1 and windows server 2012 r2 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110981 w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomas di giacomo and troy topnik of susejapan will keynote open source summit japan on wednesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_7_0-openjdk opensuse-2018-637 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity fcc puts a leash on broadband providers forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamwillgnyc oh no check out the handy guide willg for steps on how to help speed up chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news facebook tries to revamp password recovery by supplanting email' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3134-1 python vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivativ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows xp still widespread among healthcare providers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us visa applicants to submit social media passwords during screening homeland security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla removed 23 firefox add-ons for logging browser history the mozilla foundation has removed an add infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zackwhittaker wow the story is bad signal and whatsapp didn t fail to protect michael cohen s messages his shitty opsec did.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0526-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts python-oslo.middleware vulnerability usn-3666-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter libreoffice calc and writer embedded object preview flaw lets remote users obtain potentially sensiti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ctoadvisor podcast cincystorage and i didn t go easy on oracleiaas in asking how their solution is different than managed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla jsp store locator 2.2 component id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5192 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why windows 10 users have better anti-virus protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2017:0515 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xhosom swiftonsecurity bro_ids passively monitors dhcp and dns and has a ton more logging opportunity since it is passi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google discloses unpatched flaw in edge internet explorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vengeful hacker exposes domainfactory customer banking data and passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter protect your linux device from exploits and malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xa329 the myhackerhouse office today jennifer_arcuri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 mysql openjdk phsa-2018-1.0-0130 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tmb73br hi thales we d like to look into the what happens when you try to open the website in chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collabora online 2.0 puts libreoffice in the cloud adds collaborative editing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos linux ubuntu other users coredumps can be read via setgid directory and killpriv bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam securityaffairs hacking malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordfence warns of a huge increase in brute force attacks on wordpress bruteforce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s predictions for 2017 what s in store for developers via adtmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sippinnhorchata that s fantastic which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'outkast_ti matsuborough they mention they use mcafee in report and it did flag it and they tried to flush it out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5390 vulnerability in linux kernel allows for dos attacks a vulnerability has been identified infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 one-to-one fulfillment privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mobile app builder by wappress plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6683 exploiting incorrectly configured access control security levels vulnerability in mcafee data loss pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware don t fall for font wasn t found google chrome malware scam next time when you accidentally or infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techrepublic a new tool from oracle displays data on the health of the internet all over the world here s how to make use of it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zyxel vmg3312-b10b cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt piratepartyint officialmcafee bitfi has no internal storage but it has a emmc flash chip on it whichallows pentesters to dump t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to easily indent paragraphs in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3185-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deleti 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 firefox vulnerabilities usn-3140-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc data protection advisor 6.2 lt 6.4 patch b180 lt 6.5 patch b51 dsa-2018-112 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the most common passwords of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14609 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.11 lib mpi mpi-pow.c mpi_powm buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nerdpyle windows 10 can client-demand encryption or signing per connectionrequireintegrity requires signed connection su' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress bugs let remote users conduct cross-site scripting and sql injection attacks and obtain pot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrew_zimmel hi there i m sorry that the happened have you looked at the saved revisions of that post' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 spice vulnerabilities usn-3202-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle hatches incubator openjdk apis idea unfinished apis in jdk and java se experimental and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel linuxkernel 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalati 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richardormrod hi rick are you back to studying after the update we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybergibbons marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen rusolut has these trick dies holders that poke t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update qemu opensuse-2016-1451' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 10 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'live from gartnersec pfirstbrook shares the gartner top 6 security and risk management trends.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 gstreamer-plugins-good rhsa-2016:2975 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has issued three fixes for a critical solaris vulnerability that could allow kernel-level privilege escala' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update pcre suse-su-2016:2971-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.0 14.1 14.2 current mutt ssa:2018-198-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt yeyint_mth sometime we forgot native ftp.exe client in windows that can execute system cmd without direct access to cmd.exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 procps-ng euleros-sa-2018-1230 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4256-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3171-1 libvncserver vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arda_ozcann42 thanks for sharing the love with us how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anithjkannanker does the also occur on other browsers or when you clear your browser history let us know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7262 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jamesanthonyt thanks for the update can you try creating a new chrome profile amp check if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pfordmedia we re happy to hear everything is running smoothly are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews shadow brokers offers database of windows exploits for sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches critical flaw in webex chrome plugin cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt giutro i m releasing with decoder_it juicy potato another local privilege escalation tool from a windows service accoun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 ncurses euleros-sa-2018-1166 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wendylyon the uk information commissioner upheld my complaint about the home office gdprfail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jmez08 hi james have you tried the steps in the article to fix chrome crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eduardkovacs following ransom attacks on mongodb and elasticsearch databases couchdb and hadoop are now under attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security updates for microsoft .net framework july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'revisit the top articles of the past year from linuxdotcom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacymatters data misuse it s facebook s raison d tre the latest ad campaign is a farce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyle_parrish malwrhunterteam anybody have any tips to viewing xps file source code aside from the windows xps viewer seeing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update tomcat on sl7.x noarch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-07 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla community magazine the story of a mouse and website security in everyday wording jcm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s up with whatsapp s fake messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nommiin hey thanks we appreciate the kind words.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kittybrownphoto understood could you try downloading chrome using the link let us know if that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2966 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awesomedude_64 we re glad you think so are you enjoying any new apps or features in the windows 10 april 2018 update at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons so it didn t break it started working - i d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cerandor great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business client unspecified security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thanks again to susejapan for helping make open source summit japan possible as a platinum sponsor ossummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iriszio looks like you re enjoying our windows spotlight images have any other new features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update roundcubemail opensuse-2016-1418' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'industrial network security webinar 13 ways to break a firewall register now scada ics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'admins urged stop everything and patch new apache struts flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebook windows powershell scripting tutorial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'observium detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '14 eyebrow-raising things google knows about you networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new threatspotlight the multi-talented rarog cryptomining trojan impersonates an adobe flash update to download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-182 trend micro control manager cgicmuidispatcher scheduledownloadsavedenablelist sql injecti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 thunderbird alas-2018-1032 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brainpicker in a republic to be successful we must learn to combine intensity of conviction with a broad tolerance of differe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deadly disinformation.enabled by whatsapp.how can we build technology that helps to stop the spread of false in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7559 an issue was discovered in opc ua .net standard stack and sample code before github commit 2018-04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2017:0340 red hat enterprise linux 5 one-month retirement notice problem description the is the one-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1418-1 bouncycastle security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla wmt content timeline 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3671-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jdk 1.8.0 2d remote code execution vulnerability oracle jdk 1.8.0 2d remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft access products july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how my fridge broke the internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla realestatemanager 3.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser security fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theisemsworld it sounds like you may be using the new gutenberg editor for your self-hosted wordpress site if s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk customers urged to change wi-fi passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'johnregehr here we go prodigal son has some amazing scenes the first two fights on the compilation are excelle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ftpshell client 6.70 enterprise edition stack buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsbettioua that s excellent how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'projectsend r1053 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hhs office of civil rights warns of phishing e-mail infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter urban communications sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mispproject misp 2.4.94 released aka summer improvements with improved event graph interface a new elasticsearch plugin var' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla to kill firefox for windows xp vista in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intelligence officers accused of hacking dnc during 2016 election the u.s justice department infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb shellcode linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity vulnerability 0day expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome lt 55.0.2883.75 multiple vulnerabilities macos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 shotwell 2017-ddee871dd1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9211 a vulnerability in tcp port management in cisco ons 15454 series multiservice provision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers have broken into a european bank and are blackmailing its customers infosec itse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'missmania30 great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5205 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln splunk enterprise cve-2016-10126 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3286 local security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brendaneich and brave is a great browser thank you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt opnids the first alpha release of opnids is available it represents the first feature complete' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tiff suse-su-2017:0453-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter exponent cms up to 2.3.x id title content_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s everything you need to know about docker101' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update imagemagick suse-su-2017:0529-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle re-patches decade-old solaris bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to come to the us be prepared to hand over your passwords if you re on trump s hit list' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecommerce expect ecommerce profits to soar in 2017 with increased focus on direct-to consumer biz model via zshanlon nrf17' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix vp amp cto achauhan discussed importance of changing network services linuxcon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do the linux kernel memory protection features on android work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network shadowbrokers bid farewell close doors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with flash and ie in decline can exploit kits find a new lease on life tenable research investigates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jodabbay hi there are you enjoying windows 10 so far we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings cortana software could help anyone unlock your windows 10 c see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows kernel bugs let local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yahboiswirly awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks not sure that s the hill you will die the same year we get linux on the desktop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah linux post exploitation cheat sheet cc guifreruiz' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 memcached elsa-2016-2820 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2018-8034 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2018-8034 security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking vawtrak malware spread via toxic word documents is still a thing apparently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week in ransomware february 17th 2017 live hermes reversing amp scada poc ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap cyber threat intelligence report august 2018 the sap threat landscape is always expanding thus infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more than 8 800 wordpress plugins out of 44 705 are flawed securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla hbooking 1.9.9 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple ios up to 10.1.1 accessibility password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 squid34 rhsa-2017:0183' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehosp and we re ready to go nrf17 starts in just a few minutes stop by to meet our latest and greatest in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pharahtato gotcha we happy to hear things are running smoothly are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cryptographic security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity canonical partners with docker for cloud container management infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-bounds read vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fbi fbi recommends any owner of small office amp home office routers reboot the devices to temporarily disrupt the malwa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rgb_lights ignorance of insecurity does not get you security we need to examine voting machines scada systems iot and oth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleretail today burberry is giving us a tour of their store we hear how oracle retail technology empowers the retailer.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome extensions android and ios apps caught collecting browsing data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robringham we value your feedback you can report the bug in your built-in windows 10 feedback hub thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0x6a6f656c fortnitegame more likely visual basic .net' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6951 the keyring_search_aux function in security keys keyring.c in the linux kernel through 3.14.79 allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iismond hi ismond tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 url redirection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital transformation is no longer just a buzzword it s fast becoming a business priority worldwide.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows http protocol stack http.sys bugs let remote users deny service and execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit kits experts from the firm recorded future infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 libxml2 vulnerabilities usn-3235-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'legit paypal emails going out telling people to update their browsers for pci tls standards' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity security flaws in whatsapp and telegram patched immediately infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'false contest to win jersey of the brazilian team found on whatsapp welivesecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add two-factor authentication to your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy web search 3 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 openjpeg euleros-sa-2018-1157 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd thanks to oracle digital business development leaders for an engaging conversation today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5577 remote buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wolfiechristl health data industry map by travis may former liveramp ceo and chief growth officer of the consumer data broker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several high risk 0-day vulnerabilities affecting sap hana found helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mukesh99427876 to windows to check if your system has any hardware defects you could refer to the link' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'live webcast find threats lurking on your systems with hids and alienvault usm thursday dec 1st register now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0ne_army that s an impressive score per minute we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unlike its browser competitors firefox will soon start blocking tracking cookies by default in the name of consume' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ians_security webinar join us august 8th for hacking back a double-edged sword with iansfaculty strandjs and malwarejake' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 libvirt alas-2018-1049 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thirsting4truth been meaning to attend a sans course for years chadtilbury s excellent instruction in for500 and the atmosphere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite 12.x unconstrainted file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security medical clinic website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java python bugs allow attackers to circumvent firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3150-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress rolls out major security patch fixes xss and sql injection bugs wordpress announced it has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no eight characters some capital letters and numbers is not a good password policy theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local linux kernel 2.6.22 lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition priv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did someone hack the google brazil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office doctor who st john ambulance 20oz mug rehydrate just doesn t have the same ring as infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canonical preps security lifeboat yells ubuntu 12.04 hold-outs get in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3144-1 linux kernel vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivativ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sean spicer appears to like tweeting his own password news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter javascript core arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt surface amazing designs coming to life createdonsurface all week long at sb51 using paint 3d coming with the windows cr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2636 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw linux hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a hardcoded password vulnerability was recently found in cisco pcp software discover how the affects cisco unif' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows new devices announced at ces2017 we ve got your midseason tv guide and more windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee_labs recently discovered that hackers are using microsoft s remote desktop feature to get government and a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exposed mongodb database reveals mobile games money laundering scheme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what cisos need to know before adopting biometrics biometric techniques offer a solution to the password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 30 off restrict content pro wordpress membership site plugin use coupon bfcm2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'queen signs the investigatory powers act into law your homes may be your castles but your browsing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 flash-plugin rhsa-2018:1827 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote microsoft windows dnslint.exe drive-by download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2261-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple reportedly plans to deploy 1password to all employees but acquisition talks denied' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swordofomen cybergibbons securelyfitz for reference' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5001 adobe flash player versions 29.0.0.171 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability successf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt geeknik windows process injection service control handler' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq novel contributions to the field how i broke mysql s code-base part 2 cve-2016-5541 mysql cluster remote 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-10 libvirt directory traversal nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos ios officeimporter javascript injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity why is obama expanding surveillance powers right before he leaves office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last week adobe patched a critical flash player bug with active windows exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'p2v debian testing pxe server and vmware workstation 11 freedompenguin turn an old computer into a pxe serv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac work smarter not harder take advantage of all of our free tools brand new hunt evil poster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asustor data master lt 3.1.6 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the month in wordpress july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security nginx wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver cve-2017-0449 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'regulatory compliance for hipaa security officers prior to the health insurance portability and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bartblaze i_groisman ripstech wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla je form creator 1.8 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla userextranet 1.3.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sami_uni thanks for trying could you let us know what chromebook model you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 soundtouch 2018-fadf6f5a9f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fake whatsapp email comes as a billing alert recently we have received a report from one of our readers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dancho danchev s 2010 disappearance an elaboration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343885 windows 10 version 1703 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc recoverpoint information disclosure command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1550-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers calls it quits after failing to get buyers for nsa exploits but group says it is still infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclembx kicks off tomorrow in london join forward thinkers and be inspired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reneebrosius thanks for the tweet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out why peter lefkowitz of citrix believes the global privacy landscape is changing as a result of the gdpr.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'olwe2_tsh1 we suggest learning how to reset your microsoft account password here let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'datatilsynet could i ask if your office has taken a view on the legal basis for a company to upload a customers pe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1807-1 moderate go1.9 an update that fixes one vulnerability is now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies dark reading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sirhc hmm let s try these steps menu gt settings gt advanced settings gt system gt uncheck use hardware acceleration then restart chrome any luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'galaxyjimin27 pretty cool right are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arturoestrellae gotcha we think the dell inspiron 15 may be an excellent match we recom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news the cve-2017-5638 apache struts 2 command execution flaw affects cisco products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer html help control 4.74 bypass microsoft internet explorer html help contr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your password has likely been stolen here s what to do about it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3428 vulnerability in the oracle one-to-one fulfillment component of oracle e-business suite subcomponen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'acunetix wvs reporter 10.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12320 there is a use after free in radare2 2.6.0 in r_anal_bb_free in libr anal bb.c via a crafted java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability enterprise linux 6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dongiusuppe what happens when you browse to the us army safety website itsnotsafe privacyerror invalidcert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mark shuttleworth dishes on where canonical and ubuntu linux are going next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys amp 039 ntsetwindowlongptr amp 039 pr 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soviettigars ah okay we suggest learning how to check which version of windows you re running here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base opensuse-2017-169' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5151 an issue was discovered in videoinsight web client version 6.3.5.11 and previous versions a sql inj' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ucode-intel opensuse-2018-700 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 146085-08 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'udit_h hey there we re glad you like it are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allok fast avi mpeg splitter 1.2 seh overwrite packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'miaajane your site url will help us look up your email address if you prefer you can email help wordpress.com and quote twmi15 thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday quadz school management system 3.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeofapuyatera wpbeginner wordpressnws wordpressvip wp101 wpfreelance please try restarting your device and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu linux 17.04 zesty zapus final beta now available for download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our gm kyork20 will be taking over oracle s instagram story the week to talk about internet volatility and his' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-737-1 roundcube security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.7 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one small step for a browser one giant leap for web security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nl dalmia centre for excellence instigates an era of data security through the launch of its' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you should never upload a video directly to wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome blink speechrecognitioncontroller use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-22 php multiple vulnerabilities httpoxy nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to redirect your user s attention with comment redirect in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers latch onto new apache struts megavuln to mine crypto currency news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cnbc larry ellison says it will be really hard for amazon to abandon oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 x86 x64 wlan autoconfig named pipe proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image slider 1.1.41 1.1.89 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 906424 microsoft windows task scheduler contains a local privilege escalation vulnerability in the alpc interfa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 xmlrpc3 rhsa-2018:1779' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter leading linux distros dawdle as kernel flaw persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player multiple flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute arbitrary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to style wordpress navigation menus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows scf file feature bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update recommended update for mariadb suse-su-2016:2933-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wpdiscover cartoonist wronghands1 summarizes lord of the rings in a few words middle-earth s epic jewelry return policy. m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt uid1000 here s a poc for cve-2017-18344 a linux kernel arbitrary-read vulnerability in the timer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle database server rdbms obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chatnow 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gaofay hi kevin have you tried installing chrome on your device in case if you haven t here is the link' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2016-7890 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin advisory notification for july 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office customers hit by mirai worm attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday getgo download manager 6.2.1.3200 buffer overflow exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explained apple icloud kept deleted browser histories for over a year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out first-ever word macro malware for apple mac os discovered in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle flexcube universal banking multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add categories and tags for wordpress pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat up to 9.0.0.m13 error handler information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with traditional workplace boundaries disappearing more security challenges are appearing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fileserve clone script sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vmackem nice to see the bloodhound_ssc car getting a clean and polish before the 2nd day of oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drschweitzer hello what is the address of the site you are trying to reset the password for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft com for windows improper serialized object handling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas . myoceanx data platform helps power the subscription economy with oracle cloud iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-16-676 microsoft windows ado recordset update use-after-free information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news flash player remains target of choice for exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi mcafee epo s new add-in the security resources section will provide insight on the latest news from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display random posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin mfsbgn03810 rev.1 universal cmdb deserialization java objects and csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fastcodesign 3 brilliant design details from the new microsoft office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer html help control 4.74 bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mum61e awesome thanks for doing that for us are you having a great experience with windows so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dguido hey dan thanks for using chrome beta would you be able to file a bug for that behavior here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove my get daily bible verses redirect and restore your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andreabarisani securelyfitz marcan42 swordofomen cybergibbons older versions used to connect fun stuff through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks stevebellovin jswatz i like the ghetto brothers but i just gotta love the guys who didn t fuck around.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'neurosisdog hi michael is the happening only on chrome also try accessing the websites in incognito mode and s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oneplus 6 smartphone flash override demoed theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'by expanding pluralsight s offering w new oracle courses we are providing increased opportunity for developers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thecyberwire cwpodcast podcast partner johannes ullrich of sans_edu amp sans_isc discusses lingering legacy passwords in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.6 kvm arch x86 kvm emulate.c x86_decode_insn denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nicolebergmn howdy thanks for writing to us please email that information to us directly help wordpress.com and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cicada_girl we got your back maggie you can learn all about windows 10 and its features here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update libvirt on sl7.x x86_64 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows blog organization tips windowsstore highlights and an oscars movie offer:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'directadmin control panel 1.50.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewtorranc3 awesome have you been using windows to work on any cool projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakbakee what happens if you try using a different internet browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla anief 1.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8375 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft excel software when the software fails to p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bro network security monitor 2.5.5 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just wonder discover only microsoftedge has cortana built in learn more about the faster safer browser:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update apache2 opensuse-2018-893 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk enterprise server-side request forgery fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2016-7259 local privilege escalation vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join avanansecurity s webinar the thursday on securing office 365 and g suite for smbs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multi outlets pos 3.1 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ladygagarin hi there check out the handy guide for steps on how to speed up chrome any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component medialibrary basic 3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce plugin amp amp lt 1.5.4 csv injecti 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebpetroff hmm could you also try resetting your chrome settings keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_civicrm component id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8406 local privilege escalation vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter spora ransomware disguises under fake chrome font pack update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress why we didn t tell you about a big zero-day we fixed last week the post doesn t have enough infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jan0fficial wise words. wise words indeed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to owhosting itrcsd moduscreate wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chaseacook i wept writing the story thank you everyone again for the kind words and support the is what happened in the ro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 python-wikitcms 2016-608be17784 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress gt 4.7 user enumeration exploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts needs patch-ing without delay it s under attack now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sendroid 5.2 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kx selected by broadbridge networks to power its cybersecurity platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hww1955 gotcha we suggest checking out the latest windows features here how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serioushoax that s amazing indronil thank you for your support which features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sentimou gotcha let s have you run the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mozillathunderbird opensuse-2017-345' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jdormansteele kevincollier thegrugq bad advice disappearing messages are a way for you and your friends to keep your message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hediiadi we re glad to hear it do you have a favorite feature in windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3442 vulnerability in the oracle customer interaction history component of oracle e-business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorenkjr1 we re glad you think so how long have you been with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2017:0217 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt karenhquintos thank you punditinc for the spotlight on dell s chief customer office proud of all we ve achieved in partnership' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1password for android 6.4.5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mlm forced matrix 2.0.7 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast 9 13 10:30am et how to achieve autonomous amp optimized hunting amp detection secbi mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oggeek2016 hmm interesting could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows pc we d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday february 16th 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15807 posim evo 15.13 for windows includes an emergency override administrative account that may be acce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog john mcafee unhackable cyber expert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews watch out cybercriminals using a new simple yet effective technique to bypass microsoft office 365 anti-phishin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kevincollier signal disappearing messagessignal disappearing messagessignal disappearing messagesalso you really have t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kimzetter the hack bypasses the iphone s password-guessing limit the security feature that prevented the fbi from getting in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netflix scam spreads ransomware a program found on suspicious websites aims to trick windows pc users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium cve-2016-5206 the pdf plugin in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam uses recipient s hacked passwords krebsonsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solution by jaya shri combine sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parulsethia28 we re glad you think so have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thevickingtor we ve come so far since then thanks for being a loyal user are any apps or features in windows 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts up to 2.3.31 2.5.10 jakarta multipart parser content-type privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iabeurope so the the is where the relationship broke down . by asking questions about the research the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daahager hello how have you been enjoying the rest of windows overall we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2090-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5548 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'creeperhntr on adblocker you can block javascripts very good i ll be here if you need me mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'putty 0.67 cleartext password storage packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10572 mongodb-instance before 0.0.3 installs mongodb locally mongodb-instance downloads binary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows powershell automating common admin tasks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zx_rquh so you re signing up for a new account via the app or a browser on a browser go to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'to do good work goodwill needed a system that brought together finances staffing and the many other resources ne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 25 3:mariadb 2017-801e01d1ed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link tl-wr841n tl-wr841nd brute force csrf packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update prosody opensuse-2018-597' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trifleaw we re glad you re enjoying them do you have any other favorite windows 10 features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn windows process injection propagate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sifumt something on par with windows 10 mitigation s.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player arbitrary execute code vulnerability adobe flash player is prone to a local code-execution vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jobyjohn microsoft edge browser vulnerability allowed hackers steal local files via gbhackeron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps client expert 1.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel3.18.1 denial of service memory corruption vulnerability home ask the team mailing lis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt abirabbas the future socialselling queens internationalwomensday in the office with the future girl bosses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote apache couchdb arbitrary command execution metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tactic036nikola woohoo how exciting how long have you been a windows insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter openstack cinder 7.0.2 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-7689 lack of permission checks in the initializedevelpackage function in opensuse open build' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xss found in silently installed acrobat chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misspphysics thanks and are you using our app or a browser on your ipad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 vim vulnerability usn-3139-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver cve-2017-0430 privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 17741 is out with much needed improvements windows 10 preview build 17741 is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla community quiz 4.3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dana mccallum head of production partnerships carbon 3d shares her advice for women lean on one another to create success. oraclemsce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi flashing a peace sign in selfies could lead to identity theft scientists warn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-04 quassel multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to back up and restore mysql databases with mysqldump' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domain marketplace script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imagine sitting in a company writing the in word attaching it in outlook and hitting send' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 gstreamer-plugins-bad-free rhsa-2016:2974' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ian_michie thanks for your patience ian how s everything running for you now we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle celebrates nationalinternday with alanna and nellie two summer interns who both share a love for music and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bret hartman cisco vp and chief technology officer of the security business group discusses best case security fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to get list of installed packages on ubuntu debian linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msft surprise patch for total meltdown apfs still logs some passwords cloudflare announces dns podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt adhero . mcafee warns of cyberattacks targeting world cup fans business wire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center five essential cybersecurity audiobooks techrepublic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows defender is detecting variants of the task scheduler vulnerability.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 pass 2018-a3e631b454 nessus plugin id 110669 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat native ocsp response handling flaws let remote users bypass authentication on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerabilities in lastpass allowed attackers to steal hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player could allow for arbitrary code execution apsb18-24 rss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 bash phsa-2017-0009 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'squigglydigg ah fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote access to citrix xenapp express essentials rootsector security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update vim suse-su-2016:2942-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip apache tomcat vulnerability k50116122' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webrtc h264 nal packet type confusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa archer 6.x sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 ncurses euleros-sa-2018-1218 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'padding oracle attack against telegram passport' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malware stealing credentials via office documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla s announcement is yet another reason why the 60 of you who are reading the on chrome right now should di' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache releases security updates for apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t 27 000 mongodb servers receive ransom demand after having their data wiped here s what you need to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4229-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simonzerafa yeah os x isn t as hardened as windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prichesmith hmm interesting we suggest trying the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2016-1181 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish server 4.1 directory traversal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add and improve readability score in wordpress posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4246-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 visualboyadvance-m 2018-e92359c3b8 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eventslf open source leadership summit speaking proposals are due tomorrow submit yours asap at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2215 unspecified clickjacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba rhsa-2018:1860 nessus plugin id 110601 with low severity synopsis the remote red hat host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft com for windows privilege escalation exploit cve-2018-0824 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powering ir soc with code reuse detection the emotet case study 9 12 3:30pm et intezerlabs mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms16-147 security update for microsoft uniscribe 3204063 severity rating criticalrevision note v1.0 de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq rt-sa-2016-003 less.js compilation of untrusted less files may lead to code execution through the javascript less compiler' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3713-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings j00ru vx on twitter the windows syscall tables from my b see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8972 ibm aix 6.1 7.1 and 7.2 could allow a local ibm aix 6.1 7.1 and 7.2 could allow a loca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarepatrol malwageddon mcafee_labs the analysis of the code reuse revealed many links between northkorea mal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server 2016 bypass a restriction or similar obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber-blitz bombs 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch ransomware attacks now number in the thousands news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'petitesel hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cruzcerda3 the paper examines multiple real-world threats and how the cscs for email and web browser protection 7 and se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meowitch666 okay gotcha are you seeing the type of behavior in multiple browsers and your webcam let s see if we can sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk elsa-2017-0180' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you use ciscotrustsec to simplify provisioning of network access did you know now you can share policy groups wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress responsive thumbnail slider plugin arbitrary file upload exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to properly ask for wordpress support and get it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly discovered whatsapp vulnerabilities could enable hackers to alter messages sent over the app and continue th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce plugin amp amp lt 1.5.4 csv injecti 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google s project zero outs severe vulnerability in microsoft s edge browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4242-1 ruby-sprockets security update nessus plugin id 110968 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle gets busy with lazy fpu fix news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you need a cdn for your wordpress blog infographic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sometimes ya just gotta know and don t want everyone else to know private browsing in the new firefox focus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclehealthsci dia2018 is in just a few weeks and we can t wait to discuss the latest trends in health sciences what topics do y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mateusz_jozef pwn2own 2018 a methodical approach to browser exploitation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous barrett brown is free and ready to pick new fights hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update slf4j opensuse-2018-601' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'navis webaccess 2016-08-09 execute codesql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms isweb 3.5.3 directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel object memory handling flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the number of ics attacks continues to increase ics hacking scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8379 a remote code execution vulnerability exists in microsoft excel software when the software fails to p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0003-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity your heartbeat as a password smart or stupid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securebusiness bainesy1969 yes the author refers to the foreword in linkedin posts so i was curious given the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 thaw theme say that five times fast then get your melt on here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikea_ca hi mike we d like to help what happens when you try to play videos on chrome do you see an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator calls on us government to start killing adobe flash now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter exponent cms 2.4.0 expcommentcontroller.php showcomments content sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt m3g9tr0n making the perfect injector abusing windows address sanitization and cow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt realbrianwarner so who else is going to linuxfoundation s open source leadership summit in february i ll be there monday thursday.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 xmlrpc3 cesa-2018:1779 nessus plugin id 110297 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft slaps apple gatekeeper-like controls on windows 10 install only apps from store theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloud metadata urls intel atom c2000 fiasko macos word macro malware podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql cluster 7.4.x lt 7.4.6 general subcomponent dos january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update pacemaker opensuse-2016-1376' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook takes steps to boost password recovery security sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lucas_blasius gotcha how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ios tvos watchos patches mcafee av scan vulnerabilities ransomware snowball marketing podcast securit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'selenalarson excellent idea selena lots of people will benefit from the resource.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ydklijnsma don t blow my cover bro for the record i agree it s all fun and games until people start naming gch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for exchange jun 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a clever new twist on an old sextortion email scam includes a password the recipient previously used at a hacked w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpressdotcom wpbeginner wpdiscover flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i wrote the in case it helps anybody mitigating linux kernel ip fragment re-assembly dos aka cve-2018 5391' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog worth noting embedi published the equation editor bug which existed in all versions of office across all versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to break into a locked windows 10 device ask cortana cve-2018-8140 windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nymdok understood be sure to check out these steps to improve performance in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kernelcall using a plugin the wordpress forums should be able to help with that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allualap excellent thanks for getting back to us make sure to check out all the latest features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases security updates for flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pwnallthethings fun fact the hacked server is next to the filing cabinet that was broken into during the watergate robbery in 1972' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle released security update addresses a critical database vulnerability that affects multiple versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 4.6.3 netfilter privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news phishing campaign on office 365 business users leverages punycode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seymourgroup that s great we love your support let us know if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday e107 2.1.4 keyword blind sql injection exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erpscan-16-034 sap netweaver as java xxe vulnerability in bc-bmt-bpm-dsk component fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec unlock wordpress admin login disable protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2015-0899 security bypass vulnerability apache struts cve-2015-0899 security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords are safe after cyberattack says talktalk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat wins big with openshift in 3q17 serverwatch red hat reports third quarter fiscal 2017 revenue of 61' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2483-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take your bookmarks amp passwords anywhere your smartphone tablet or laptop and connect everything you need amp nothin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to get the url of images you upload in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business objects cve-2018-2408 unspecified session fixation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to manage your user password from the terminal in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat ansible engine 2.6 enables cloud network and windows automation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'through out the weekend we will be sharing exclusive blackfriday and cyber monday wordpress deals every 30 minutes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digitalbond really looking forward to it assante_michael always has wise words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how one photo could have hacked your whatsapp and telegram accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows speech recognition 4.0.4.2512 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bevscornbread thanks for the info could you try downloading chrome using the link let us know if that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco asa multiple vulnerabilities cisco-sa-20180606-asaftd nessus plugin id 110686 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barret_g gotcha thanks for getting back to us which games are you playing the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla community quiz 4.3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bfpt pretty cool right which other windows 10 features are you enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux-lts-xenial linux-aws vulnerabilities usn-3676-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christinartnd what is your custom domain it sounds like you might have a self-hosted wordpress site as well as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update sane-backends suse-su-2017:0713-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zackwhittaker ah thank you mikko for the stickers i d put the on the coffee machine in our office but it probably isn t ev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbmu03685 rev.1 hpe insight control server provisioning icsp multiple remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truckershorizon we re glad you re a fan andrew are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3105 soa_suite vulnerability in the oracle soa suite component of oracle fusion middleware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recognized excellence in trustworthy product development and pervasive data protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfiguration of java web server component jolokia puts orgs at risk theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat launches fuse 7 and buildah 1.0 to advance developer efforts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb 1.x 2.1.x lt 2.1.2 privilege escalation nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity u.s chief data officer time is now for technologists to jump into public service infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webkit not_number defineproperties use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterrhythm hmm give the steps in the guide to help fix connection errors in chrome a try:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero login fixing the flaws in authentication passwords birth certificates national insurance numbers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avant browser remote dos exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity feds consider getting social media passwords from visa applicants infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows uniscribe font processing heap-based memory corruption in usp10 mer 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google outs microsoft security flaw once again the time an ie edge browser vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frohoff shotgunner101 madrobot yep you also have to alter the struts config to introduce the vulnerability first.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2964 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star trek adult coloring book' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off cssigniter premium wordpress themes use coupon wpbeginner cost less than 2 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd-link dir-601 2.02na privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mc smart shop sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jkell808 music to our ears jack how else is windows 10 helping you accomplish more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ponder if the turned out to the thing briankrebs had maybe cash out abroad instead of within us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debbienugent wordpress for what site were you charged none of our plans cost renews at 86 so that does not sou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt abesnowman in recognition of bitfi6 and officialmcafee and their prestigious pwnieawards accolades we d like to show you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdsecurity somebody asked about the event logs format in windows defender av event ids for both windows 10 and windows server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new fasttrack benefit deployment support for co-management on windows 10 devices the blog is part of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us tomorrow for a live webcast covering host-based intrusion detection hids and alienvault usm register now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5199 an off by one error resulting in an allocation of zero size in ffmpeg in google chrome prior to 54.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers calls it quits after failing to get buyers for nsa exploits darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump s fcc chairman pick ajit pai vows to close broadband digital divide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 7 readykernel-patch vza-2018-046 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-8627 remote denial of service infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver application server java remote authorization bypass vulnerability sap netweaver infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malware stealing credentials via office documents recently the threat actors in charge of the azorult infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player remains main target of exploit kits report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add header and footer code in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt certfi alert 03 2018 office365 email phishing and databreach es very common detect protect inform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steve_lofthouse proceedgroup privacypros sap sapmentors fyi app privacy guidelines i wrote in 2012' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday january 20th 2017 thu jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network wordpress plugins leave black friday shoppers vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0267-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alfonzowords hi there could you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the same issue in incognito mode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6678 configuration environment manipulation vulnerability in the administrative interface in mcafee web ga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cpaste command::convert bitmapto png he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alanrappa hi alan what happens when you re trying to play youtube videos on chrome are you seeing an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spooe_gaming great choices we ve been playing sea of thieves and forza motorsport 7 lately how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches zero-day flaws in windows internet explorer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts mozjs52 vulnerabilities usn-3688-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana flaw could allow browsing on locked systems security researchers have shown that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3725-1 icu security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt peregrimmer nice regex pipes and simple nix bash command line tools are gd magic. the line finds words in the dictionary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tamannerud passwordscon cfp for stockholm november 19-20 is now available here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq cve-2017-6911 usb pratirodh insecure password storage information disclosure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jikookclub hi there check out the article for tips on repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aranyaps glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer mshtml domimplementation type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pinboard the role of potcoin in brokering north korean peace has been consistently underreported by a journalistic establish' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts linux-lts-trusty vulnerabilities usn-3145-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alanlepo hi alan curious about what webex has been up to since collabsummit milliebbrown dives into the late' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2959 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2 bug bites canada cisco vmware and others the post doesn t have enough text content infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your systems deserve iaas on oracle learn why from the people who count our customers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost microsoft windows zero-day found in task scheduler' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 build 17741 released with new build number amp clipboard changes windows 10 preview build 17741 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet mcafee opens lab to demo threats from lock picking to medical device hacking by stephcondoncbs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'de-anonymizing web-browsing histories may reveal your social media profiles researchers from princeton infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen project local security bypass vulnerability xsa-266 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2018-546 nessus plugin id 110275 with high severity sy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news how to survive the death of flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-10 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader multiple flaws let remote users bypass security restrictions and execute arbitra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony 2018-4deae442f2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils libarchive ntp phsa-2017-0010 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your employees user names amp passwords are floating around on the darkweb now what smlr cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'interested in privacy and rights security and tech apply to come work with us we are looking for a policy office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gavin_mathos thanks for your support gavin how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs what has been your song of the summer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mozillafirefox opensuse-2018-676' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah penq the security testing browser bundle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvizion cms sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle fixes solaris vulnerability could allow kernel level privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4jeffbrown there should be an update available with the fix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ovals we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15430 unsafe navigation in chromecast in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.84 allowed a remote attacker to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle critical patch update advisory january 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a brief introduction to java code signing certificate infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darrellvandoby hi darrell is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt virusbtn nsa s leaked doublepulsar exploit has been adapted to work on windows-based iot systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one in five wordpress plugins is vulnerable bitdefender security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft .net framework july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm qradar siem up to 7.2.6 sql injection cve-2016-2873' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'british telecommunications plc bt has been fined 77 000 by the information commissioner s office after it sent n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7281 the web workers implementation in microsoft internet explorer 10 and 11 and microsoft e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon cloud computing division unveils new cyber security service by greene' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday july 11th 2018 wed jul 11th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4 steps to excellence in data analysis an effective data analytics program requires more than buying the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manufacturer website design script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8414 android linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5967 the time subsystem in the linux kernel through 4.9.9 when config_timer_stats is enabled allows loc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we want a copyright office that serves the public the copyright office and those who lead it should infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 nvidia-graphics-drivers-304 nvidia-graphics-drivers nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5489 cross-site request forgery csrf vulnerability in wordpress before 4.7.1 allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 ruby glibc photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0011- a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chasapple indeed a fun month couple weeks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-5725 directory traversal vulnerability in jcraft jsch before 0.1.54 on windows when the mod' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches heap buffer overflow in firefox browsers scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter openstack glance image service api v1 portscan information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '25 of employees admit that they use the same password for everything techrepublic cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s sysadminday show your appreciation for the unsung heroes that work tirelessly to keep our offices running sm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gandcrab ransomware updated targets windows xp and older servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps school management software 2.75 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons sounds like you need a professional to secure yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdormann i ve confirmed that the works well in a fully-patched 64-bit windows 10 system lpe right to system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dslovn hi daniel just to confirm are you referring to disabling saved passwords for a specific site on chrome l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-118 microsoft internet explorer privilege escalation ii 3192887' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chocobo_cadet oh no check out the article for tips on fixing chrome crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seriously mcafee you want me to enable tracking to read your security blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tbg911 sec555 detect the flag off to a great start sansdefense sansapac cyber defense canberra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 5 best alternatives for the tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major websites still fail to steer users towards better passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lucasschafer1 we love your support lucas which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oli_sploit ruby is the 2nd worst invention in existence the 1st being java.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor browser experts from the tor project have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hpe keep cool cloud peeps store hot data in on-premises flash sets out 3par lures to stop hot data infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday june 15th 2018 fri jun 15th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week in open source news linux amp open source vulnerabilities in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hakin9 phishing attack uses punycode to try to steal office 365 credentials tripwireinc infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4218-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker breaches chrome extension of popular vpn service hola directs users to compromised cryptocurrency website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update plexus-archiver on sl7.x noarch nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows server 2008 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5226 blink in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jstout_02 that s what we love hearing justin how are you enjoying windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft rolls out kb 4010250 flash player update for windows 8.1 and 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haethresaphire gotcha just to make sure let s see if you are fully up-to-date' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter clicking whatsapp links making users vulnerable to cybercrime ians' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sgcollopy how s your experience with windows 10 going so far stephen we can t wait to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researcher leveraged app paths to bypass user account control in windows 10 the security expert matt infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6577 a sql injection issue is exploitable with wordpress admin access in the mail masta aka mail-masta' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee machine learning a key 2017 tool for socially engineered hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collection of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 postgresql rhsa-2018:2557 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft fixes critical windows smb bug after delay infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomas_sgg that s music to our ears which windows 10 features are you enjoying the most right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity yahoo breach i ve closed my account because it uses md5 to hash my password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3176-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daily deals script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whether you think of yourself as a captain or just a lowly deck hand the docker101 page has the answers to all yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched windows vulnerability disclosed by project zero' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 25 off beaverbuilder drag amp drop page builder for wordpress limited time deal cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7281 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity homeland security investigating cyber attack against secretary of state s office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update bind on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3737-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find flaw in whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcelsardo gerry6868 linux_mint mozilla always mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln brocade virtual traffic manager cve-2016-8201 cross site request forgery vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ithemes security plugin amp lt 7.0.3 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 openssl elsa-2017-0286 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travelingpoet1 ah now i m seeing it when i m in browser on my phone i ll pass the on to our developers and see i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter exploit for windows dos zero-day published patch out on tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'devnet brings programming amp developing resources right to your fingertips see how susiewee s vision of turning e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component onevote 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemagazine understand the characteristics of a self securing autonomous cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update java-1.8.0-openjdk on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory php updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pengutronix kernel hacker jan l bbe summarized growing security threats in embedded linux at elc europe:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_quirkybookworm wordpress hi there if you believe your site was suspended in error you may always appeal the sus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add featured images or post thumbnails in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tobias_brohl thanks for the follow-up info tobias would you be able to submit a feedback report for the using t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'purelyamy_blog please try clearing your browser cache does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt renefreingruber just released a new blogpost pentester s windows ntfs tricks collection including cve-2018-1036 windows ntfs el' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new free chrome plugin blocks cryptojacking browser attacks chrome cryptojacking qualys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanbizzaro1 hi ryan have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it freezes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat wildfly cve-2016-9589 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla advertisement board 3.0.4 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not only the containers at fishermanswharf that need to be secured drop by booth g5 at dockercon to found' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s democrats securityaffairs hacking russia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap businessobjects financial consolidation 10.0.0.1933 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3154-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware player 14.x lt 14.1.3 out-of-bounds write vmsa-2018-022 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'network community script 3.0.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from nordstrom to whatsapp it has become seemingly more difficult to spot real apps from the imposters tips for i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows to end vista support in april 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php classifieds rental script 3.6.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese hackers carried out country-level watering hole read more to know what se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2990 apsb17-04 adobe flash player memory corruption remote code execution ii mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft makes cheeky bid for mongodb devs on azure security grounds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd 7.3 to 9.0-rc1 privilege escalation denial of service nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'privacy experts say browser fingerprinting is likely illegal under gdpr but don t expect the practice to disapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk_daniel_card andrewscully1 somebody showed me the office365 corporate multi-factor authentication stats less t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update xmlrpc3 on sl6.x noarch nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'howdy altsummit did you register a new .blog at the wordpressdotcom booth share your new domain wth the hashtag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8944 ibm aix 7.1 and 7.2 allows a local user to open a file with a specially crafted argument that would' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libgit2 opensuse-2016-1450 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new method simplifies cracking wpa wpa2 passwords on 802.11 networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adblocking and browser privacy can be bypassed researchers find nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-186 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet specialspywarepolicyresult sql injection remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'galaxygamerone thanks for trying daniel could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 mariadb elsa-2018-2439 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the double-edged sword of artificial intelligence in security darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7877 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solution by jaya shri combine sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bolter79 we re happy to hear you like focus assist are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malware infects computers by hiding in browser ad gifs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress recent-backups plugin download-file.php arbitrary file download infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader dc 15.006.30201 os windows denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vindowslocker ransomware mimics tech support scam phone-based windows support scams have been going on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla eshop 2.5.1 component id parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bobhaigh13 ah gotcha we re glad to hear it s resolved how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pjohnitty fantastic how is the rest of your windows experience going at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to fetchprofits xceptn linux wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mysql cluster 7.2.x lt 7.2.20 general subcomponent dos january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq erpscan-16-041 sap netweaver directory creation outside of the jvm sap netweaverversion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt faisaly sap oracle erp vulnerabilities being increasingly targeted by hackers - fylinkweek31aug2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mozilla-thunderbird updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada ics dangers amp cybersecurity strategies scada ics breach cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news one million broadband offline in germany external influence blamed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'african and asian banks hit by targeted zero day exploit targets inpage word processor advertise on it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moonjoon_plays that s awesome how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q amp a with software qa manager how mcafee empowers me to shape the future' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt munsecconf how do we get ordinary folks to understand that being engaged on the other side of the world to rebuild a broken s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap_aws sap yep you can find misconfigured sap router boxes everywhere where you can reach internal networks al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1403-1 zendframework security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removes inline installation of chrome extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'carbon black s breakthrough streaming prevention leapfrogs cylance mcafee and symantec by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday august 14th 2018 tue aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm powerkvm cve-2016-7032 multiple local command execution vulnerabilities enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aoighost i know who i m putting my money behind in the red hats vs goons contest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new chrome extension alerts users to hacked sites by kellymsheridan hacknotice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:2403 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps carrying windows malware yanked from google play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s drm can expose windows-on-tor users ip address theregister security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1444-1 vim-syntastic security update nessus plugin id 111357 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud a glimpse at oraclepaas open source development via thomas kurian at cloudworld nyc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 plexus-archiver cesa-2018:1836 nessus plugin id 110536 with high severity synopsis the remote centos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief new browser launched social network closes down cyberattack on health provider nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5192 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 hyperlink object library information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm security identity governance virtual appliance up to 5.2.3.2 password policy weak authentication a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drumroll please we will be giving away two new colors of snort at black hat teal and orange stop by our' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8399 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when the win32k component fails to properly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt channelit_int mylobot malware shuts down windows defender and windows update upon installation and blocks the firewall for c amp c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons nah the hardware is the same one in the pictur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'accurate cross-browser fingerprinting is possible researchers show' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pccrs thanks you for your kind wishes rakesh how are you liking windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking a javascript zero-day exploit for the tor browser which is based on firefox browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers say goodbye leak a batch of windows hacking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter azure customer saves microsoft from an rhel disaster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018-08-21 malspam using html attachments gt lnk files for windows infections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanspaper finding bad with splunk prevention detection amp remediation in netsec read full paper cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new office 365 phishing campaign phishpoint is hiding malicious urls in sharepoint files here s what you sh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0531-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6513 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'projectjennifer hi i assume you are using windows 10 jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theultimateend wordpress support forums here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt moti_b windows defender application control policy in windows 10 1703 can block modules add-ons from being loaded by a spe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to arrange wordpress posts and custom post types using drag amp drop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 6 parallels-server-bm-release vzkernel etc vza-2018-041 nessus plugin id 110694 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt metoffice most parts of the uk will see moderate levels of uv today so remember to stay protected if you re outside for any' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenniferpurc hi jennifer we wanted to check in which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware horizon view client 4.x lt 4.8.0 privilege escalation vulnerability vmsa-2018-0014 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misp 2.4.93 released including a matrix ui for mitreattack framework to add or browse statistics of techniques use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle critical patch update release' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco web security appliance privilege escalation vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations to dtechhs s first graduating class on their new campus at oracle hq the future is bright for the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle good monday morning vibes at oracle indonesia lifeatoracle as seen by cipoyhebat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rosysparkles we re not able to help via dm but you can email help wordpress.com and we can take a look even with auto-fill the shouldn t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'work hard play hard how many windows10 logos hidden in the day at the beach do you see pinch to zoom and let u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reggiebradford solution-soft developed a virtual clock to help companies perform time-travel testing. oraclecloud oraclesmb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simprecicchiani got it we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db xtreme locator dealer locator plugin 1.5 authenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress huge-it portfolio gallery cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-183 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet id_hidden_ug_str sql injection remote code execut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkboomdotcom hey michael that s music to our ears are you enjoying any other windows features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital_tanya thanks for the info tanya could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it s working fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 binutils file linux shadow phsa-2018-2.0-0080 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3688-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joeleastlick that sounds like a great question for the wordpress community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update util-linux suse-su-2016:2954-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox and 1password will alert you if your data has been stolen or leaked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps b2b alibaba clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.9.9 time subsystem proc timer_list _timer_stats_timer_set_start_info information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _dirkjan new blog post up with fsdominguez listening on port 445 on windows and remote ntlm relaying through tunnels with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6968 the vmware airwatch agent for android prior to 8.2 and airwatch agent for windows mobile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the girls who used whatsapp to learn under the noses of is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t poisoned parking tickets vawtrak malware spread via toxic word documents via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brianssommer summary of oracle netsuite call so far more cross-sell opportunities for orcl to ns customers more global sales opps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'corporate office 365 users hit with clever phishing attack helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft beefs up enterprise security in windows 10 surface' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin sports rankings and lists directory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'code42 s data security platform reduces user downtime and costs for windows 10 migrations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enhanced mitigation experience toolkit emet xml injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 641765 linux kernel ip fragment re-assembly vulnerable to denial of service vulnerability note vu 641765' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secretary of state s office warns of cybersecurity threats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cpanel cross domain scripting information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacksoncollier7 thanks for showing the love are you using windows to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'device guard and application whitelisting on windows an airing of grievances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday ibasecms 1.23 sql injection file upload vulnerabilities webapps exploits vulnerabilities 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress job manager 4.1.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nedwilliamson two of my critical bugs cve-2018-6085 and cve-2018-6086 in chrome s network cache layer are now public i still p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bae systems and splunk secure u.s government clouds through machine learning bae systems announced a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lilliancarrol great question and we are working on getting an answer so that we can notify you asap stay tuned' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aelkus rejectionking browserdotsys internet services have been used for short ops already the paris attackers u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter itech b2b 4.2.9 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office products july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharons73012273 glad to hear it how has your overall windows 10 experience been so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft 365 security integrates with your broader it ecosystem part 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 abap injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shornoff thanks for the follow-up info can you try with a new chrome profile and check if the issue persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3169-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking poc exploit leads to discovery of two windows flaws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-640 apple os x windowserver xsetapplicationbindingsforworkspaces type confusion privilege escalation vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update bind on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whalestormyt hey there did you decide to purchase the dell inspiron 15 we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 thunderbird elsa-2016-2825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus malwaremustdie 2 000 nodes of emech linux overkillmod malware is running i list up 305 of them w uptime gt 100' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officialbmax tomorrow is wednesday bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache http server up to 2.4.24 response handler split privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.19 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.0 binary release tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft declares summer s windows 10 upgrade fit for business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday tiger post 3.0.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dbelson annual internet shutdown for exams in algeria reflected in oracle internetintel map data similar to recent ac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'larissaharring excellent do you have an ideal price range that you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1709 child process restriction mitigation bypass exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password topic aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to keep up with the linux foundation s exciting news check out our media room' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft has added direct trust for let s encrypt certificates meaning all major browsers and operating systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oscar emr 15.21beta361 xss disclosure csrf insecure direct object reference packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleidm heard the news we are now posting exclusively on oraclesecurity don t miss out on the latest news on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenadeface hey there we re glad to see you re enjoying windows spotlight images thanks for your support.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast 8 29 1pm et break silos and respond to threats faster infoblox john_pescatore sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin summary for january 2017 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa bsafe micro edition suite crypto-c micro edition overflow dos packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senior fed is trump s pick to lead census bureau steven dillingham director of the office of strategic infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_agtlucas welcome back to team windows are you enjoying any specific features right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils phsa-2018-1.0-0112 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat cloudforms management engine 4.1 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hridramchiary hi hriday could you confirm the android version you re using also have you tried clearing browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mlm forex market plan script 2.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 qemu-kvm rhsa-2018:2001 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0228 spectre nessus plugin id 110526 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 browser obtain information vulnerability microsoft internet explorer 10 browser o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 moodle 2018-ebb1e572c0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches flaws in windows office edge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rockwell automation rslinx classic factorytalk linx gateway privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8821 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xlizziebethx you re welcome how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new android downloader masquerading as flash player update l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dannolan metlstorm trailofbits boblord less about their own tooling more about dev work on other stuff but i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2018:2322-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd wpa_supplicant unauthenticated encrypted eapol-key data 6bedc863-9fbe-11e8-945f-206a8a72 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecstu really for rdp installed ransomware shit i gotta learn me some windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rana9634 understood are you able to identify the last windows update that was successfully installed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt judithsimoracle oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons if either officialmcafee or bitfi6 had the balls they would rt the denying that the bitfi hardware is a cut-ba' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'express yourself whenever wherever with windows ink above lock windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple mcafee products cve-2016-8006 local authentication bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 python-wikitcms 2016-fce8b939c9 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mdtauk thanks for sharing that with us martin your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook s security boss is offski not to worry it has embedded security in all divisions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get a list of the top opensource host based intrusion detection hids tools download our free beginner s guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brorayn hey there how did the install go we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 podofo 2018-2f3c0cdf93 nessus plugin id 110690 with high severity synopsis the remote f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt riskybusiness it s up metlstorm s recap of black hat and def con 2018 i ve done my best to paste links in to the post for ever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e_kaspersky icymi here is a free app to limit windows 10 collecting your telemetry and send it to microsoft amp 3rd parties:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'basic encryption in small ish words ed felten ph.d. has written a superb encryption primer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richshaw nice are you using windows 10 for any cool projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclebigdata want to achieve success in machine learning and datascience perhaps you need a datalab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-8657 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyb3rops dovehawka bro_ids module that automatically imports mispproject indicators amp reports sightings by tylabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows alpc local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows windows10 tip get instant answers right from the address bar when you search with microsoftedge:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt i_j_oliver so first spy on your children and use a service which leaks the usernames passwords and effectively everything e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers pick microsoft office for zero-day exploits infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office schrodinger s cat 10oz mug set of 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver information disclosure vulnerability ctx235225 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2997 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.221 and earlier have an exploitable buffer overflow underflow v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lee_holmes meanwhile my surface pro 1 is still running and is on the current version of windows 10 it runs pho' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join talossecurity on mar 30 as they discuss the evolution and increasing sophistication of malware register:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teknikalx excellent are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read exploit cve-2018-12827 dos exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-003 critical security update for adobe flash player 3214628 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell hp lexmark brother printers vulnerable to attackers report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hilalkhaan thanks for the kind words how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla jo facebook gallery 4.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is a wordpress theme framework pros cons and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'still a chance to take part in the cloudbleed password poll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windtalker guesses passwords based on how fingers affect wi-fi readings l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities linux kernel cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xonmyownn okay gotcha let s have you try the windows 10 activation troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms in 2019 security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.7 qualcomm obtain information vulnerability kernel 4.7 qualcomm obtain information vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krispy855 hi there we would be happy to help you navigate windows 10 you can find more info here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-9588 arch x86 kvm vmx.c in the linux kernel through' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2850-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesocial we ve moved to oraclecx follow us there for updates on social media with integrations to marketing service sale' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost critical browser bugs made up microsoft s security bulletin including ones in internet explorer and microsoft edg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segmentsmack flaw in linux kernel allows remote dos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report says election offices highly susceptible to digital attacks what now by gciomag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter splunk enterprise up to 6.4.3 web injection privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikequindazzi drone that flies and swims gt gt mikequindazzi gt gt ai iot robotics autonomousvehicles computervision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yugiohfan2016 we truly appreciate having windows insiders like you thanks for the support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemobile oracle named a leader in the 2018 gartner inc magic quadrant for mobile app development platforms for its abilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-154 critical security update for adobe flash player 3209498 version 1.0 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'social media security podcast 35 facebook news feed psychology complex passwords dumb criminals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the keynote cyber visionary stuart mcclure explores the future ai vs ai to reveal a key strategy extend the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isitbroke i d be glad to assist you with the issue.could you follow us and private message me the following so' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat cloudforms management app cve-2017-2653 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'findlaygrant5 hello which browser are you using and what is the version number' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popular android password managers expose credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9083 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci.c in the linux kernel drivers vfio pci vfio_pci.c in the linux k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 7 excel starter 2010 xxe information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a recent analysis shows the bug affects multiple open-source ecosystems including javascript ruby .net and go' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress mailchimp 3.1.5 4.0.10 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dear askpaypal is there an email address for your data protection officer thank you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postscript printers open to password theft through 32-year-old flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redatam web server directory traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'osticket 1.9.14 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities linux kernel multiple local memory infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qualcomm assisted-gps data insecure transmission packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybercriminals start cashing in on vulnerable wordpress websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleugs we re excited to announce you can now find oraclepaas and oracleiaas communities on oracle cloud customer connect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hywelgibbs understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote code execution rce attacks on apache struts since 2010 68 vulnerabilities of apache struts the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection topic wordpress plugin plainview activity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brodoshagginz site s custom menu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd phpmyadmin xss in the import dialog 9e205ef5-a649-11e8-b1f6-6805ca0b3d42 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tratcher hey there we see cortana was helping you get settled how have you been enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'updates win10 notification database leave it to ms to make our jobs as dfir analysts fun all day every infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt channel4news i said the word would instead of wouldn t . president realdonaldtrump says he misspoke at the helsinki summi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecedge darkbot of the week the impersonator bypasses regular security and wreaks havoc on websites only advanced bot pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers claim chrome bug bounty paid to the wrong people infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is quickpress in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3 denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local linux kernel 2.6.22 lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our gm and oracleiaas vp kyork20 is the latest guest on futuretechp talking about dns in the cloud era' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'database of 15.6 million hacked passwords available for download on haveibeenpwned website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3785-1 jasper security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geff_rock iamshozo snazzyq we knew it currently we re built just for windows os.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drink the potion linux kernel and tomorrow you ll wake up with a wireguard vpn driver secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ivpn 2.6.6120.33863 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor tor hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office365 fake login page remove it from your pc and browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 8.1 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paulgrimes . internetofshit the fkn office coffee machine wants to email people for some reason' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm tivoli storage manager hsm on windows password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jpdebeer1981 gotcha are there any other features you re loving on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'natashaatlas plugins cannot be used on for that you need a self-hosted wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got nessus cloud good news now it s part of tenableio vulnerability management' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happened in a congressional staffer s office in 2015 re wassenaar arrangement.him oh i heard about the on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10881 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ridwanharlino thanks since your site is using the self-hosted version of wordpress i suggest asking over at the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-2164 spectre nessus plugin id 110996 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2016-7274 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talking devops hardcore air hockey and more with donovanbrown rubdevopsonit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome os local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3234-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt renegade0x6 lennyzeltser i used the heck out of the jsdetox docker image to solve an annoying and persistent infection serious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service exploit topic qtweb browser 3.8.5 .xml denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx235748 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you develop using linux in embedded products or work on industrial iot if so the lfelc amp openiot conf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'business networking script 8.11 show_group_members.php gid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on bullshit and the oath of office the lol nothing matters presidency infosec itsecur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress silently fixed privilege escalation vulnerability in 4.72 update wordpress silently fixed a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air apsb16-08 multiple unspecified integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linkedin resets some users passwords following data leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov 10abhishek grafixcatmedia wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'compromised javascript package has been caught stealing the npm credentials of users who utilize the malicious cod' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'selenag52869808 thanks for your kind words are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abyrd89 we look forward to reading your notes how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows batch file deobfuscation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the trust fabric strategy is all about adding autonomous security to more of oracle s portfolio enabled by artif' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux multi dual mode reverse shell shellcode 129 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4 cross-site-scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9576 use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress jibu pro 1.7 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warns about smb zero-day exploit sold by the shadow brokers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thinking of that metadata being hoovered up by facebook politicians and whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer cve-2017-0008 information disclosure vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashpoint launches ransomware response amp readiness service threat intelligence and research company infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3707-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2016-0166' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vietnamese crypto sky mining ceo disappears with 35 million regardless of how often those involved in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'witness the power in numbers join the halowars2 t livestream launch for xbox amp windows10 4 pm pt on feb 16:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pennsylvania state prosecutor s office paid ransom in avalanche ransomware attack allegheny county infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2988-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jedisct1 breaking github declines offer from microsoft gets acquired by oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peinao we love your excitement armani how are you enjoying windows overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2937-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disruptors choose oracleerpcloud oraclesoar watch the whole video here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress fancybox for wordpress plugin full path disclosure cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mja_voice thanks for the details your site is using the self-hosted version of wordpress and not hosted by us.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azure customer saves microsoft from an rhel disaster' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 thunderbird alas-2018-1032 nessus plugin id 110449 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a google play distributed android application has been installing spyware on victim s devices according to mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what stable kernel should i use gregkh receives a lot of questions about the best linux kernel for your produc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a robots.txt file in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sklemens1 stop by the oracle booth for a live demo on cloud blockchain and iot dgievents 930gov oracleemp oraclegov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from correctional officer to cisconetacad student the single mother is taking a hold of her career path check o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln google chrome os local privilege escalation vulnerability google chrome os local privilege esca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pjbx01 let s try performing a browser reset by following these steps after resetting chr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote code execution rce attacks on apache struts since 2010 68 vulnerabilities of apache struts the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts gnupg gnupg2 vulnerabilities usn-3675-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imsl0w hi boris thank for reaching out the is due to a recent change in google chrome feel free to submit your' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gardener_of_men hi there could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is working fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how clicking whatsapp links is making users vulnerable to cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-737-1 roundcube security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 qemu-kvm-rhev rhsa-2018:2060 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 firefox cesa-2018:2113 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'your desktop 3d printer is really an iot device in disguise there is a double-edged sword to having infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2950 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why i m betting on oracleiaas by andythurai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla vik appointments 1.5 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google developer discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft adding problem reports to the windows 10 diagnostic data viewer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alan clark from diamond sponsor suse will present a keynote on thursday at ossummit in vancouver:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update dpdk-thunderxdpdk opensuse-2018-558 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 gnupg2 elsa-2018-2180 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloud partner success guide an idc ebook sponsored by oracle learn how isvs drive success with oraclecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liciaxmarie hmm could you also try creating a new chrome profile and then set chrome as your default browser:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 dhcp libtasn1 subversion unzip phsa-2016-0013 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3678-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schoolhos cms 2.29 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash flaws dominate exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'air force accelerates cloud movement with oracle software licensing deal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what the oracleiaas internet intelligence map is and how to use it by dougmadory internetintelligence' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3284 remote security vulnerability oracle e-business suite cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakakarasu funny story actually if an intel officer lets a fis pay for anything it s considered a counterintellig' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 mostly easy linux distros for newbies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap gui cve-2017-6950 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability adobe flash player cve-201' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2018:2528-1 foreshadow meltdown spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windows coming soon get the first news about the windows 10 october 2018 update then take a trip to the next frontier of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kubernetes unprivileged api access nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reading your emails with a read amp write chrome extension same origin policy bypass 8 million users affected' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3144-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snappgamez we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images have any other new features caught your eye in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 10 mshtml ceditadorner::detach use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '33 000 databases fall in mongodb massacre nearly 33 000 mongodb databases have been hijacked as of today infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dewhurstsec possible remote command execution php shell_exec in wordpress update server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nearly half of security pros reuse passwords survey exposes poor security practices by the people who infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where s your office today we re checking in at poncha springs colorado' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'halvarflake i count my years in java runtime versions currently java 8 update 101 last i checked.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee calling bitfi unhackable may have been unwise but it was great marketing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fullcontact bb 2 csv excel macro injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware carries valid digital signatures infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel ics and apple post patch tuesday alerts and patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-24 arbiitrary code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat jboss bpm suite 6.3.2 bypass a restriction or similar csrf vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps ti online examination system 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'templ4ya thanks for the info can you restart your device and reopen chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongoaudit mongodb auditing amp pen-testing tool mongoaudit is a cli tool for mongodb auditing of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mallega88 hmm could you also try uninstalling chrome then restart your device and reinst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk denies customers wifi passwords were stolen in cyber attack after malware blocks users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent reads if you haven t read thousands of words on bank heists today nows your chance to rectify that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rijorejitech1 are you now running the windows 10 april update rijo we d love to hear your thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort users would it be valuable to have a frequent tweet daily perhaps of the top rules we are seeing catching malware in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts libytnef vulnerabilities usn-3667-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4126 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability was discovered in the java vm component of oracle database server.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdc48 sorry about that you can change the settings for windows to update at a time of your choosing more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'localjoost that s amazing we can t wait to see what you create with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 7 readykernel-patch vza-2018-038 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple itunes lt 12.8 multiple vulnerabilities credentialed check nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsecvideos blackhat windows api exploitation recipes for red blue teams course introduction' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2010-4314 remote attackers can use the iprint web-browser remote attackers can use the iprint web-br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity edgecomputing security takes traditional protections that are done onprem in the cloud and implements them in pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4227-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection web vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je directory ads 1.7 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomorrow 1pm et sign up for authentic8 and sans john_pescatore webcast the cloud browser enabling safe and s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitto_says we re glad to hear everything is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at amp t turns acquired alienvault into cybersecurity solutions division infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap gui cve-2017-6950 remote code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner analyst aabelak shares 4 steps to prepare technical professionals for a docker container project' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lazymusician10 thanks for being a fan all these years have you seen all the new features coming to windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skinnerpm look bro you re famous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nyctereutes riskybusiness metlstorm regarding github amp electron not only do github use electron they sort of created the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash crashes and rogue algorithms the case for securing artificial intelligence ai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install go on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_bdbch awesome we re glad you re enjoying it you can learn more about beam streaming in windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7100 a potential security vulnerability has been identified in hpe officeconnect 1810 switch series hp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2016 was the best year for linux freedompenguin was 2016 the best year for linux all signs point to yes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidandgoliath that s fantastic let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 24.0.0.221 multiple vulnerabilities apsb17-07 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the first trick for picking robust passwords is to pick a phrase and use the first letter of each word for exampl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sixdub we at icebrgdotio have been busy the past couple days we discovered an adobe flash 0-day in the wild with an inte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ronaldtaudry appreciate the feedback ronald to eradicate the problem you could try settings clear browsing data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress chained quiz 1.0.8 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'very cool news from the city of rome linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3175-1 firefox vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 squid3 vulnerabilities usn-3192-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'add and manage user accounts in ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1883-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode shellcode 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weak passwords let a hacker access internal sprint staff portal hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatlist spam s revival is tied to adobe flash s demise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cakeequation windows 10 education has education-specific default settings that disable cortana we do appreciate your feedback' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2960 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2012-6704 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. google recently put an aggressive ban on all cryptomining extensions for chrome after cryptojacking attacks st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_8_0-openjdk suse-su-2016:2887-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel tours script 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hakin9 pycharm the best linux python ide lifewire infosec hacking pentest linux python' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news how to survive the death of flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'komran_od thanks for the update kamal could you also perform a browser reset by following these steps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache couchdb cve-2016-8742 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'system-d free linux distro devuan releases second beta greybeard-built debian fork bringing init freedom infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adm 3.1.2rhg1 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity analyzing the ios 12 kernelcache s tagged pointers mobilesecurity iossecurity by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1843-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh server lt 7.41 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110290 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore get spheroids today yours to play on both xbox one and windows10 xboxplayanywhere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog startup bank monzo notified ticketmaster they had a breach back in april ticketmaster visited their offices to fin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'forgotten your password don t login at all chet chat podcast 271' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seoglyu we love having loyal users like you what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new flavor of dirty cow attack discovered patched dirty cow designated as cve-2016-5195 is a linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs our investigation into the patch of ms16-135 uncovered that ms16-135 updated win32k.sys on the target system more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 git rhsa-2018:1957' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0022 windows zero-day flaw used by adgholas hackers and it was included in neutrino ek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql 8.0.x lt 8.0.12 multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gpg2 suse-su-2018:1698-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap internet graphics server cve-2018-2437 arbitrary command execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our first keynote the afternoon at ossummit is the creator of linux and git himself linus torvalds in conversat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.x lt 4.9.7 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgenerated content::has generated svgmarker 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt harr0ey blog bug microsoft office in hyperlink inside create new document alongside bypassing security blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office the legend of zelda art amp artifacts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser firm that required users to confirm their real life identity shut down after its employees were threatened' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 17th 2018 tue jul 17th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln netgear arlo multiple products cve-2016-10116 insecure default password vulnerability arlo multiple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mapsofstars hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows up to server 2016 uniscribe buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin weixin robot advanced 4.4 cross-site-scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news microsoft releases security updates for flash player but two disclosed flaws remain unpatched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will_potter signalapp whatsapp they recovered the data stored in plaintext on the device where did you get the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new marap malware targeting financial institutions via microsoft office and pdf documents steals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mariadb and mysql cve-2017-3302 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium rhsa-2017:0177 java-1.6.0-sun security update problem description an update for java-1.6.0-sun is now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday august 24th 2018 thu aug 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7880 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how we protect network passwords with win10 credential guard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joshuauriarte3 hello joshua we d love to help try and stabilze your device which version of windows are you running on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alra3ees apache struts rce:- cve-2018-11776 s2-57 poc python command runner for the apache struts 2 exploit cve-2018-11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it always being about bitcoins shadow brokers retire infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel cve-2017-18344 arbitrary-read vulnerability in the timer subsystem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7181 ms16-145 microsoft edge memory handling remote code execution i 3204062 mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russia s seat at trump-kim summit was covert much of the world was glued to their television screens or infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'observium php object unserialization remote file writing vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap hybris up to 5.x management console itemsperpage cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '11 ways to get more comments on your wordpress blog posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new voracle attack can recover http data from some vpn connections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my wife received the same email with a password she uses for two education related services has there been a breac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobile payment security what your customers need to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-1150 ibm db2 for linux unix and windows includes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3717-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ccmeyers324 caerbannogkitty that is incredible you are my hero beef_nobroccoli should talk to you about your experiences at flatiron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coinhive raking in over 250 000 per month from in-browser cryptomining' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-02 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a landing page with wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle solaris securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'world s largest chip maker will lose 250m for not patching windows 7 computers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itannu thank you are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out how linux foundation training reduced telmex server workloads by 70' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2636 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'milescreations those are awesome choices how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts jakarta multipart parser ognl injection exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how is the global privacy landscape being changed by gdpr peter lefkowitz of citrix explains' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cybersecurity 202 apple s latest security fix is deepening divisions over fbi access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation the metasploit module exploits a vulnerability in a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1439-1 resiprocate security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spooe_gaming ah gotcha we suggest checking out the latest and greatest windows features here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla 1.4 com_carocci isbn sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introducing gepetto a splash-like rest api to headless chrome it s been over a year since headless infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking ps-inject is a inject shellcode on linux pid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mybb mybb merge system up to 1.8.7 on windows style import file privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tjz1100 we appreciate long time users like you what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver xml external entity information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got a docker question here s the first place you should go docker101 wiki' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter insert html snippet plugin 1.2 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-088 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet id_hidden_red_alert_task_id sql injection remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is it getting them to switch to mongodb and waiting for their order of battle to vanish' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'def con 2018 critical bug opens millions of hp officejet printers to attack a malicious fax sent to an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therealjobyt hi jack the article about downloading google chrome should help let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tqbf til openssh s default key encryption is so bad you might as well not set a password on your ssh keys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt treadstone71llc treadstone 71 cyber intel program development plan development vision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee.com redirect cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin amp lt 1.3.7 sql injection vulnerab 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weak passwords are still the root cause of data passwords databreaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adnaniq75900957 hi adnan what s going on with chrome let us know we ll try our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news two million recordings of kids parents leaked from cloud-connected toys crappy mongodb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceidpagelock rootkit hijacks web browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libreoffice will have new muffin ui' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the global wannacry cyberattack increased windows 10 adoption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malcomvetter the weeks offensive c templates a windows service that cannot be stopped in the service manager:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update dracut suse-su-2017:0641-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5185 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adaman797 just to confirm have you tried uninstalling and reinstalling chrome any luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt k_interarma icymi the excellent expose on how non-profit tech can save lives dgisserious retraces sentry the app working a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the internal server error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-865-1 suricata security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'homematic zentrale ccu2 unauthenticated remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter navigateurs 172 failles d couvertes dans chrome en 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt certbund security update for adobe flash player apsb18-19 360 core security the vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mk2salamnder samuriinbred sap_aws oh mfg pro memories' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaja__park the is music to our ears how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security travel portal script 9.37 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_home our advanced cybersecurity solutions detect protect and correct across the continuum discover how we can help y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mainframed767 when your auditor asks if you store passwords using a one way hash but doesn t follow up with are you storing pass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'most frequently asked questions by wordpress beginners' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 form data format privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heard level can compile linux kernel from source without google' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sungard etrakit3 cve-2016-6566 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee machine learning a key 2017 tool for socially engineered hacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity nanotech breakthrough could revolutionize night vision infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mallega88 hi michael try resetting your chrome settings to default and see if that helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched vulnerability in firefox used to attack tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 httpd alas-2018-1062 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cburritoboss that s amazing which games are you playing the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq multiple blind sql injection vulnerabilities in formbuilder wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2842-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1442-1 mailman security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jd edwards multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6074 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2017-6074 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaw in google home and chromecast devices reveals user location by waqas craig young an it security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redirect removal how to restore your browser the article will help you to remove' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanplee007 that doesn t sound good ryan can you let us know what version of chrome you re using type in chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is ftp and how to use ftp in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2017:0065' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache httpd up to 2.4.23 mod_http2 h2_stream.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install wordpress with hhvm and nginx on centos 7 howtoforge in the tutorial i will show you how to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenanoguy thanks for helping us make windows great by sharing your feedback we appreciate having fans like you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-2936 ibm bigfix remote control before 9.1.3 uses cleartext storage for unspecified passwords which allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isitbroke thanks for bringing the issue to our notice.i m gautam from the dell social media support team i see' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple denial of service vulnerabilities linux kernel multiple denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the tutorial shows how to use nano and vim to write edit and manage your linux config files and more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brianeklein marciahofmann and i are disappointed the govt has filed the superseding indictment which is meritless it only s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sha-1 secure hash algorithm 1 hash function broken again by researchers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shwngld we re thrilled you re a fan which other apps have you been using on windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new apache struts zero-day vulnerability being exploited in the wild security researchers have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1428-1 389-ds-base security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hacksysteam windows kernel exploitation uninitialized heap variable assignment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium rhsa-2017:0269 java-1.7.0-openjdk security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is excerpt in wordpress how to add excerpt in posts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web inspiration gallery script 1.0.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3144-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt netspi new blog 0xbadjuju released a mini-blog sharing a technique to load a .net assembly without having to call the su' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3170-2 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-0029 while experiencing a broadcast storm placing the fxp0 interface into promiscuous mode via the monit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simplessus files 3.7.7 path traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday windows x64 download amp amp execute shellcode 358 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security updates for microsoft visual studio products july 2018 nessus plugin id 111042 with high s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tell us in a paragraph a sentence or a word what you think a cybersecurity and privacy certification should loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4216-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elegant 0-day unicorn underscores serious concerns about linux security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marsbomber that s amazing jim we would love to hear your initial thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk 6.2.3 7.0.1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to insert ads within your post content in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9120 race condition in the ion_ioctl function in drivers staging android ion ion.c in the linux kernel be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 unauthenticated content injection poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jackainsw0rth oh no what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft .net core and bypass july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday mirage sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '9 billion price tag likely dooms mgt act the congressional budget office estimates that implementation infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schoolemjonesy we don t use dms here send us a note directly to help wordpress.com and we can try to sort it out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unix_ninja it s the same old tale of a boy and his cred struts after the tfp0 it s just patching the right places' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10005 webdynpro in sap solman 7.1 through 7.31 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information vi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinnwick hi there how are things running for you after the update we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of serv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5190 google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1548-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'caseyexplosion we have an excellent selection of powerful gaming pcs that could suit your needs do you have an id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2185-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomsonreuters i guess thompsonreuters must have an irony compliance officer who is cookie amp tracking comfortab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ucode-intel opensuse-2018-700 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt govnewsinsider gdpr and data protection are hot topics unpacked by malcolm harkins chief security and trust officer at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'megabeets arieitan campuscodi based on the wording of the article i m thinking they retrying to overhype an old' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah wmi windows management instrumentation offense defense amp forensics pdf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kernel live patch security notice lsn-0041-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sorry bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows is in orbit students have launched windows10 iot experiments on the space_station learn more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 slf4j euleros-sa-2018-1159 nessus plugin id 110735 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle releases critical patch update that covers 334 vulnerabilities across all the products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning 10.6.0 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3147-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.8.11 lib mpi mpi-pow.c mpi_powm buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ride the lightning a storm is brewing in the crackling windows10 theme feel the energy here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'study warns of rising hacker threats to sap oracle software news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday responsive filemanager 9.13.1 server-side request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithbrro2 we re glad you re enjoying night light how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter capsule8 launches linux-based container security platform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermicro sockets it to skylake rivals word to your motherboard comment supermicro will have more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps delux same day delivery script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gossithedog speaking of microsoft 0day here s a new office code execution technique all versions which ms aren t planning to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rdmi will enable microsoft partners to reduce the cost and complexity of hosted windows desktop and application de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix 5.3 directory traversal vulnerability ibm aix 5.3 directory traversal vulnerability16 dec 2016 s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to do keyword research for your wordpress blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as threats evolve cloud and managedservices can help organizations augment their secops teams oraclesecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stylewriter 4 1.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chriseverall ah okay we re glad to hear everything is working properly now how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'planex cs-qr20 hardcoded credential packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-723-1 libsoap-lite-perl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues patch for actively exploited flash player zerodayexploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement wordpress hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps witycms 0.6.2 cross-site request forgery password change exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zdnet mcafee opens lab to demo threats from lock picking to medical device hacking by stephcondoncbs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps kinsey infor lawson esbus sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the open-plan office is a terrible horrible no good very bad idea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create your own video conference server using jitsi meet on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv hacked with divine retribution message israeli television news programs were briefly hacked infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2165-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minecreatetime hey there we wanted to check in were you able to successfully install windows 10 on your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome backs out of tls 1.3 support after proxy issues' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you can t have cryptocurrency without the blockchain but what is blockchain mcafee_labs explains.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5217 the extensions api in google chrome prior to the extensions api in google chrome prior to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redheadyank if you re trying to log into a site can you ensure the login and password als' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of linux kernel versions 4.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-43 node.js multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikeyc1508 hmm could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd fix a buffer overflow in the tiff reader 38fec4bd-90f7-11e8-aafb-1c39475b9f84 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image slider 1.1.41 1.1.89 arbitrary file deletion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geutebruck re_porter 16 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7877 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 qemu-kvm ovmsa-2018-0238 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3239-3 gnu c library regression a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chambernate that s interesting javascript is one of our supported language parameters w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity last dridex trojan variant uses a new tactic to bypass windows uac infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajit pai defends decision to revoke low-cost broadband designations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of service dos url redirection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity visionary nir gaist announces expansion of nyotron into the us market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat missing check in websocket client lets remote users bypass hostname verification on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft directx sdk june 2010 xact3.exe dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin pie register 3.0.9 blind sql injection fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote microsoft windows dnslint.exe drive-by download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google researcher discovers a critical bug in modern web browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple itunes lt 12.5.4 multiple vulnerabilities uncredentialed check nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 and windows server 2019 to support true utc-compliant leap second' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook osquery code signing bypass macos nessus plugin id 110643 with medium severity synopsis the version of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'first time setup with jenkinsci on docker by naiv3bayesian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-3427 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts jasper vulnerabilities usn-3693-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report dnc s chief security officer warns democratic candidates to avoid zte huawei devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts haproxy vulnerability usn-3663-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'filezilla can be as smart as they want with words but pcapsdontlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator now available on aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat jboss eap deserialization of untrusted data fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux study argues monolithic os design leads to critical exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5551 local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'p_galassi you can use the browsers side by side of course bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken authentication cve-2018-12575' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 things you should do when inheriting a wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sevs753 we re glad you re a fan james how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update for adobe flash player apsb18-19 360 core security the vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12826 adobe flash player 30.0.0.134 and earlier have an out-of-bounds read vulnerability successful explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker the article aims to help you with the removal of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0018-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 kvm rhsa-2017:0454 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-2997 buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux rc.local payload persistence module exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nord vpn 6.14.31 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle flexcube universal banking multiple security vulnerabilities oracle flexcube universal banking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new critical fixes for flash ms windows both adobe and microsoft on tuesday issued patches to plug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google search console warns of nonsecure collection of passwords with upcoming chrome infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vulnerability topic minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb ransom attack just the beginning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removed 145 malicious apps from google play store that carries windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'two ddos friendly bugs fixed in linux kernel maintainers behind the linux kernel have rolled out patches infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 memcached elsa-2016-2819' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4234-1 lava-server security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 preview build 18219 is now available with improvements today s release of windows 10 preview infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trend micro control manager getpassword sqli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana cockpit information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity brother-and-sister duo arrested over hacking campaign targeting italy s bigwigs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fix can t update spyware protection on windows 10 7 8 8.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress file manager 3.0.1 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '15 examples of how to use new advanced package tool apt in ubuntu debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kenzibit that s awesome have you checked out any xbox play anywhere games on windows 10 yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dustlight hi jeff tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new azorult malware spreading via office documents steals credentials amp launch ransomware attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jayuplink we appreciate your excitement jay how are you enjoying windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brazilian educational organization gets high marks for innovation leadership with integrated security from mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-0148 the smbv1 server in microsoft windows vista the smbv1 server in microsoft windows vista sp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity future pass takes aim at new phishing threats with browser extension for chrome and firefox infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erikmgoins music to our ears erik are you enjoying any other features in the windows 10 april 2018 update at t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows vista sp2 7 sp1 server 2008 sp2 registry privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janikallionet gonif69 jani do you have a photo of the sign on the wall outside of your office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 new privacy settings still leave users in dark on how microsoft uses data despite microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kubernetes detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and now robin harbron bedfordlvlexp ported the patch to commodore 64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home chromecast leak location information infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter itech multi vendor script 6.49 product-list.php pl sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability linux kernel multiple remote denial infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popcorn time 5.6 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dk_effect achillean mongodb elastic yup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how is the misuse of upnp protocol causing security vulnerabilities expert michael cobb of thehairyitdog explains' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux security flaw patched after years unspotted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnome software to add content rating interface for linux games flatpak changes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 bouncycastle 2018-da9fe79871 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fileless attack can bypass user account control in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bitvise ssh server installed nessus plugin id 110293 with info severity synopsis a remote access serv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter macos ios officeimporter javascript injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6476 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'python-based adware evolves to install malicious browser extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kafkaesqu3 but what if you use only kerberos authentication for local admins then no plain-text credentials at all.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libxrender opensuse-2016-1421' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecommerce 51 of us adults have bought something online via their cellphones pew data via marketingland ecommerce nrf17' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add awesome typography in wordpress with typekit fonts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expand your linux skills and career opportunities through our lift scholarship program learn more liftscholar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt minervalabs in just 1 hour live webinar with gal_b1t how do malicious office docs keep infecting me sign up now even if yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3139-1 vim vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft msr javascript cryptography library cve-2018-8319 remote security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity expert change your password immediately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pfordmedia sounds powerful are you playing any other amazing games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does cyber security have an operational excellence problem ayoran thinks so cybersecurity via forbestech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update memcached on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'therealgrimzi okay gotcha we suggest trying the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8404 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists in windows when the win32k component fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'autofill fud last week while browsing various news feeds and websites i took a scroll through facebook infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps image and video script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timkeegstra our policy is that we autorenew upgrades 30 days before expiration contact help wordpress.com for info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0btemos_bhs fake flash player malware azorult version 3 c amp c dn link hxxp: newsworldkind.str' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress woocommerce plugin cve-2016-10112 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat report don t join blockchain revolution without ensuring security by charles mcfarland mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s a magic wand for words take ten seconds and discover the microsoft surface pen today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday august 20th 2018 sun aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vanhoefm new bruteforce attack on pre-shared wpa2 passwords abuses the pmkid to test if a password is correct cool techniq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rjmendera gotcha be sure to let us know if it happens again how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hypnogogix brownteaming gt _ gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 image conversion engine tiff file buffer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 tomcat euleros-sa-2018-1227 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11681 default and unremovable support credentials user:nwk password:nwk2 allow attackers to gain total s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bradheath you can be as cooperative as possible but if a police officer wants to dish out some abuse he can and he ll pro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dna testing service myheritage leaked the usernames and passwords of 92 million customers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watching ceo markvhurd speak during the oracle employee summit here in our manchester new hampshire office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was published' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medium usn-3234-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4219-1 jruby security update nessus plugin id 110418 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recent wordpress flaw exploited to deface more than 1.5 million web wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aomei backupper standard 3.5 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybersecbrief great opensource framework for cybersecurity the mitreattack matrix ui is an excellent step forward for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 download amp amp execute shellcode 358 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'politifuzz hi there please email us at passwordhelp wordpress.com from the email on the account you re trying to recover.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle in particular is pricing aggressively on the front offering more memory per dollar across all of their i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'averagegoatee great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jdk 1.7.0 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tivibravia glad to hear everything is running smoothly after a restart how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat up to 9.0.0.m15 reverse-proxy information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itech real estate script 3.12 search_property.php property_for sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to exclusivememe infosec wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch now critical rce bug found in apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesassjacket ah gotcha what happened to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scriptjunkie1 my paranoid windows 10 configuration and scripts a.k.a how to automatically update windows when you re blocking wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponentcms input validation flaw in showcomments function lets remote authenticated users inject sql commands' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'privacy experts say browser fingerprinting is likely illegal under gdpr but don t expect the practice to disapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 kernel cesa-2018:2164 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sentimou hi mou which version of windows is failing to install with the build number we will be better able to help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 moves closer to killing off passwords with edge webauthn logins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser zero-day strikes again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware sharpens security focus with vsphere platinum adaptive micro-segmentation networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sparkjava 2.5 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability was found in openstack-tripleo-heat-templates before version 8.0.2-40 when deployed using directo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virenderkumar49 then please ask in your site is using the open source wordpress software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arbysmom thanks for reporting the can you update the issue in our chrome bug tracker here appreciate it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 java-1.8.0-openjdk elsa-2018-2241 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 7.1.x lt 7.1.20 exif_thumbnail_extract dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-3180 tor browser launcher aka torbrowser-launcher before 0.2.4 during the initial run allows man-in-t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to navigate your gnome linux desktop with only a keyboard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2001 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the snort scholarship is back tell your friends and apply today snort' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts libgcrypt11 libgcrypt20 vulnerability usn-3689-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to easily lazy load comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft enables linux desktop users to send sms text messages with latest skype alpha hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kvm suse-su-2016:2902-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update poppler suse-su-2018:1662-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0046' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharemyyear did you order the theme for a site or a self-hosted wordpress site pipdig themes can only be used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seq 4.2.476 authentication bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8018 cross-site request forgery csrf vulnerability in intel security virusscan enterprise linux vsel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nathandoeswords hey nathaniel we re always looking to refine edge make sure to share your experience with us in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 kernel-rt rhsa-2018:1944' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gadi_fe that s amazing gadi which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15810 visiology flipbox software suite before 2.7.0 allows directory traversal via 5c 2e 2e 2f because it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt maldevel backup gitlab sudo gitlab-rake gitlab:backup:create default backups location var opt gitlab backups debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lsd2ez how interesting let s have you check out how to change the size of text in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'before i get a thousand questions about can i have orange snorties i don t currently have any i know we will' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital identity is broken can we fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6493 remote security vulnerability suse manager for sle 11 sp2 1.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3789-1 libevent security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'packet storm new exploits for 2016 exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian cybersecurity expert charged with treason over us data-sharing claims charges brought against a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a chrome bug allowed hackers to extract your private data from facebook and other web platforms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7219 windows_10 windows_7 windows_8.1 windows_rt_8.1 windows_server_2008 windows_serve' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beyond spectre foreshadow a new intel security problem researchers have broken intel s software guard infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft announces windows 10 october 2018 update the next free major update to its desktop os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 openssh alas-2018-1042 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-5638 the jakarta multipart parser in apache struts 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'creativemartial what exactly is the problem and what is your site s address have you tried clearing your browser cache amp cookies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news sniff out and kick out windows malware for free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploitdb local microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update procps on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection topic wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3152-1 linux kernel vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache storm cve-2018-1332 user impersonation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 marketing privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 postgresql photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0031 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse and microsoft announce enterprise linux kernel for azure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jlwallen says elementary linux is clean elegant and user-friendly learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens simatic cookie settings cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1922 qemu aka quick emulator built with the tpr optimization for 32-bit windows guests support is vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter openexpert 0.5.17 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday july 18th 2018 wed jul 18th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 samba4 elsa-2018-1883 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update java-1.8.0-openjdk on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ericjcole89 you re very welcome thanks for being a fan how are you liking windows 10 lately eric' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle secure global desktop multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus plugin id 111333 with hi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd2ultima thanks for the info can you let us know what version of chrome you re using type in chrome: version in the address bar.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk rhsa-2018:2242 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a windows zeroday drops on twitter with no patch in sight by mt_heller' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manchester n.h has created two hits in the last two years dyn was the first big acquisition by oracle in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft quietly cuts off windows 7 support for older intel computers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbromileydfir yeah def con can be tough i like the talk but to see the other talk i have to leave before i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss security vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 thunderbird 2017-e63f2f0d11 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday sap ase odata server 16 denial of service vulnerability cve-2017-5371 dos exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity federal prosecutor s office in atlanta adds cybercrime unit forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so albert is a suricata instance with some custom ids signatures.i m glad they re doing the but shouldn t they' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft edge 38.14393.0.0 javascript engine use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ttl_anderson we re glad to hear it thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nettitude_labs red teamers password managers causing you key logging woes our new ie post exploitation module powerthief will' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana cockpit cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 56 buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3151-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brett kavanaugh and the starr report how our office drafted the impeachment referral' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt scmoracle cyber monday sale save 50 on registration costs for oraclemsce with code cyber17' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cynical_sunshyn excellent is there a preferred price range that you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'little_potato googlechrome come back to us mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hancom office 2014 hangul hshow document integer buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nasko after lots of incredibly hard work by a ton of folks on chrome full site isolation is reality on desktop:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxaudit ks7000 garduino wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quasaars gotcha let us know if you ever have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ca-certificates 2018-ed35b82337 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284874 windows 10 version 1703 june 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 1.1 info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter azure vulnerability allowed admin access to red hat enterprise linux instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no backdoor but whatsapp can snoop encrypted conversations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday adobe flash player 24.0.0.186 actiongeturl2 out-of-bounds memory corruption 2 explo 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '18 useful tricks to speed up wordpress amp boost performance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla announces firefox lockbox a face id-compatible password manager for ios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emwings can you try clearing your browser cache and cookies or check if it also happens in a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo system interface foundation on win10 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4266-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security omegle clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paul brown shows how to use systemd to start and stop a usb webcam as a simple surveillance system:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is a great article on deploying the windows firewall thanks cryps1s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jezcorden we re always listening to our users feedback thanks for helping us make windows 10 and its apps better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aramosf aa series tutorial for linux exploit development to newbie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdsecurity windows defender exploit guard enhanced attack surface area reduction extended support to microsoft office applica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 suddenly killing internet connectivity for some users hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce plugin amp lt 1.5.4 csv injecti 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off wpforms drag amp drop wordpress forms builder use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache software foundation fixes important flaws in apache tomcat securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sorry i ve forgotten my decryption password is contempt of court pal us appeal judges theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'negtronzero those are some great choices you can check out all the new games for windows 10 here happy gaming.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mshelton reading a paper on misconceptions about private browsing oh dear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbnitin how interesting are you able to identify the last windows update that was successfully installed we d like to help sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 updates under fire from unhappy security admins nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybergibbons all we need is the serial number from your flir fx camera to be able to view it no password no authentication.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln netgear arlo multiple products cve-2016-10116 insecure default password vulnerability netgear arlo infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity eu wallops whatsapp imessage and gmail infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our next speaker at ossummit is alan clark cto of suse discussing simplify multimodal it bridge traditional a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on the go browse in microsoft edge to go from pc to phone and back again with the push of a button:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln splunk enterprise cve-2016-10126 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity facebook messenger scam steals passwords and hijacks accounts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the aurora power grid vulnerability and the blackenergy trojan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introducing the oraclenext podcast discover more here rsmartly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201806-02 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110523 with medium sev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanphanna aye what steps can we take to replicate that bug feel free to email us at help wordpress.com with the steps thanks so much' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ultimate form builder lite 1.3.7 xss sql injection wordpress ultimate form builder lite versions 1.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an array in wordpress functions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook helps woman track down her brother s killer after 37 years nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 qemu-kvm rhsa-2018:2462 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'absamma we can t wait to see what you ll create make sure to find out more on the windows dev center' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2847-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install the startupmaster password extension on the thunderbird email client techrepublic s jack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lol bitfi and john mcafee win lamest vendor response' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 glibc elsa-2018-1879 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter unlock wordpress admin login disable protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 glibc cesa-2018:1879' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress pica photo gallery 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker the article aims to help you with the removal of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does the answer to better security lie in password-less experiences' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erpscan-17-005 oracle peoplesoft xss vulnerability cve-2017-3300 fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'accelerate 2017 update general sessions overview day one if anyone was unsure of fortinet s vision for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heatzxd ok then try resetting your chrome settings to default let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity zero-day content injection vulnerability found in wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malware-slinging scum copied d-link s code-signing certificates to dress up pc nasties password-stealing infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3670-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark launches sap certified privileged access security solution helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud our mondaymotivation comes from lakers a team whose goal is to be powering a new basketball era see how they do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news whatsapp will allow to revoke sent messages and track friends live location' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github to warn users on compromised passwords in a move to protect its users software repository site infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singtel backdoor detection forgotdoor nessus plugin id 110271 with high severity synopsis the remote singtel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultraiso 9.7.1.3519 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla j-cruisereservation standard 3.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adriangodong that s one of our favorites too how are you enjoying the rest of your windows 10 experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internet services tech industry bitcoin hacking cryptocurrency' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oldestwoman hi there could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if it is working fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oscar_wildlife smashinsecurity adoublec theandrewf as the cyberleader would say excellent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla simple membership 3.3.3 component userid parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cnotin joelmleo gentilkiwi greg_lucand pretty sure password policy settings configured in gpos when applied to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability wifi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ocr software firm abbyy leaks 203 000 customer documents in mongodb server snafu breach security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for july 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt katherinert15 talking risk with thesecureword sumfowler _robfry geoffbelknap amp mark butler' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update curl suse-su-2018:1478-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 535111 mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows is vulnerable to denial of service or code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center buffer overflow exploit can bypass activation lock on ipads running ios 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s show is up it s basically an extended news edition with metlstorm and a sponsor interview with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-002 critical security update for microsoft office 3214291 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10879 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause a use-after-free in e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin quizlord 2.0 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka fantastic which windows features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'could president trump use the treasury department to go after the muslim brotherhood' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some yahoo stole my password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2016-1416' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse leap 42.1 vs leap 42.2 vs tumbleweed benchmarks phoronix for those curious how opensuse leap 42.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pumasrevengeyt fantastic have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keep what s important front and center use digital sticky notes in windows ink windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cnn breaking a tenth boy has been brought out of the thai caves two boys and their soccer coach remain inside as resc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle launches global internet health map via networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle vm virtualbox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you use windows defender check the works really enabling maps significantly improves detection with cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 plugin local file inclusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update postgresql96 suse-su-2018:1695-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-dec microsoft security bulletin summary for december 2016 version 1.2 revision note v1.2 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt windowsstore tis the season for big savings save on hit movies and tv shows now through 12 19 on microsoftmoviestv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s employee summit is happening now celebrating how we re changing lives around the world.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8007 apache couchdb administrative users can configure the database server via http s due to insufficien' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nhs patient data at risk from historic breach report password reuse may have exposed nhs databases infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and why the databroker industry deserves more detailed scrutiny' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realgermy fantastic are you enjoying any new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajit pai defends decision to revoke low-cost broadband designations infosec itsecurityne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broelli is there a specific issue that our dellcares team can assist with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cellbubbles hi celeste we would be happy to help do you have any questions about windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update bind opensuse-2017-314' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter eclinicalworks healowwork 8.0 build 8 employeeportalservlet select_loadfile sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jayhawk618 hi there can you let us know what version of chrome you re using to check go to your address bar amp type in chrome: version .' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1416-1 libsoup2.4 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1436-1 gosa security update nessus plugin id 111221 with high severity synopsis the remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disconnectio fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.9 rc8 linus torvalds so if anybody has been following the git tree it should come as no surprise th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla gameserver 3.4 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin tagregator 0.6 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kernelcall that s not possible on but if you have self-hosted wordpress site you should be able to do that' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows dll loading remote code execution infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bashie786 mind if we jump in basheer try resetting your chrome settings to default let us know how that works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6513 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities e78732b2-8528-11e8-9c42-6451062f0f7a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for friends where our website is blocked you can still download tor browser and access critical resources and site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hello peppa followup spectre 1.1 2 site isolation in chrome podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'absolute linux caters to the slackware crowd linuxinsider absolute linux is a distro that raises the questio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars bb-8 heat change mug bb-drink bb-8 is just a solid all-rounder it helps with infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10862 wildfly core before version 6.0.0.alpha3 does not properly validate file paths in .war' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gabdramos hi there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 binutils euleros-sa-2018-1154 nessus plugin id 110730 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tehilahhh how interesting we suggest you try the windows app troubleshooter let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justinklemm thanks for confirming give these steps a try open google chrome and go to gt settings gt advanced gt s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-3595 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 11.2.202.637 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t start the blockchain revolution without making security a top priority mcafee released a report infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt angwwells love hearing oracle s new mission manage and connect the world s data to benefit all so lucky to be part of it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reservoir_labs join us at brocon2018 presenters sharing expert insights for hunt and advanced analytics for government finance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thousands of mongodb databases compromised and held to ransom nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'donatavir hi donata check out the article about sharing your location in chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils glibc linux mongodb openssh procmail python2 rsync phsa-2017-0052 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla most wanted real estate 1.1.0 component sql injection vulnerability 0day expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper server detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news attackers start wiping data from couchdb and hadoop databases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download wordpress dreamsmiths themes version 0.0.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt coe_hrightsrlaw interested to follow updates on the council of europe work relating to dataprotection browse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'san francisco transit ransomware attacker likely used year-old java exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 54 pdfium use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3930 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1 2018 0312 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whole_brook do you have any addons installed mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle flexcube private banking 2.0.1 2.2.0 12.0.1 product instrument search unknown vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos microsoft windows usp10 otllist::insertat uniscribe font processing heap-based buffer overflow ms17-0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sjarmbruster oracle best company to work for going on 19 years and still having fun volunteering and changing lives worldwide oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3272 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter a vulnerability in oracle database could allow for complete compromise rss generated with fetchrss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud 47 things to make you a better marketer over the holidays blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update imagemagick suse-su-2018:2553-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash 0-day adaptive phishing kit crypto miners replace ransomware podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking rakos malware takes over embedded linux devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update perl opensuse-2018-750 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts base-files vulnerability usn-3748-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1933-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to themezly lindsayofsf godaddyuk wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off wpforms drag amp drop wordpress forms builder use coupon bf2016 cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft silently fixes kernel bug that led to chrome sandbox bypass threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'great turnout for our women of oracle cloud infrastructure event today womenintech oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla advertisement board 3.0.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2166-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft 365 security integrates with your broader it ecosystem part 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malware anti-reversing trick pwc ace makes sap vulnerable podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update dovecot22 suse-su-2016:2915-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apsb17-01 adobe acrobat reader type confusion remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serpex the editor is also working from here could you try clearing your browser cache to see whether that makes a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'supermewio thanks for the compliment are you enjoying any other new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4215-1 batik security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ecnepsnai use a complex alphanumeric password amp enable data erase on repeated incorrect attempts you can also reduce the nu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off wpforms drag amp drop wordpress forms builder use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap businessobjects business intelligence suite cve-2018-2431 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akshaykothari77 hi akshay could you try using a different browser and check if you re still experiencing the issu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jdeveloper information disclosure vulnerability july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel linuxkernel 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2389-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-617 dell sonicwall universal management suite imagepreviewservlet sql injection remote code execut zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser 8.0a10 the second alpha based on firefox esr 60 is now available it includes major updates to the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12323 an issue was discovered on momentum axel 720p 5.1.8 devices a password of ehlgvg is hard-coded for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3146-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft pulls windows 10 your phone release and sets it insider only again earlier today there were infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-1249 the dbd::mysql module before 4.039 for perl the dbd::mysql module before 4.039 for perl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cubickay that s quite a long time what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krdpravin 3 4our social media support team have limited support options with ubuntu as we support hardware relate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrhellis hi we ve responded to you via dm.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'of course he s not not particularly worried he s more like broadly and completely freaked out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability microsoft internet explorer 10 bypa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter avanan discovers new cyberattack targeting online shoppers for workplace office 365 credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suvelu what are you liking about windows 10 suzan we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arcilite ha we see what you did there how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kali linux 2018.3 released with number of new tools for security assessments kali linux 2018.3 brings up infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to prevent browser cryptojacking cryptominers are making bank by hijacking local browsers and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doughnutwuff thanks for your loyal support what have been your favorite changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux turns 27' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0084 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 69 will take the next step to killing flash roll out new design' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel lapic.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'according to troyhunt pwned password dataset the top 10 most used 4digit pin codes globally are 1234 1111 1342 00' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14610 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is out-of-bounds access in write_' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle webcenter portal multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kayphanga we re happy to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new pluralsight course defending against javascript keylogger attacks on payment card information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'curiouser and curiouser intrusiontruth is like the shadow brokers of attribution.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abhiseksarmah hey there you can find more info on windows defender here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian linux motd update script unsafe temporary file usage lets local users deny service and gain ele' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2016-1428' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_paulus googlechrome hi solve your memory problems here is the solution -hellosct1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1954-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to automatically remove default image links in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player multiple flaws let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information bypass se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lspitzner time for password expiration to die' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln vmware vsphere data protection cve-2016-7456 authentication bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'national cyber security strategy canada s vision for security and prosperity in the digital age crtc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajeannine_d that site is not hosted with us it s a self-hosted wordpress site so i don t have access to your dashboard but i can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple has transformed safari into the good privacy browser wired s lilyhnewman explains how its new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote code execution bug found in ubuntu quantal a remote code execution bug in ubuntu desktop was infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortigate fortios ssl-vpn web portal bookmark feature lets local users view passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2016-1428' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cristinam_sans we are all set for sansmilan to start tomorrow trisp_sans mbromileydfir and dfirfpi are charging up with espre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'duanebonifer understood we suggest learning how to change default programs in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core pcm_lib.c local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giuliani and top trump white house officials hacked passwords leaked l trump guiliani' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceo markvhurd shares how netsuite is an integral part of oracle s cloud strategy oraclenetsuite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0114 information disclosure vulnerability type vulnerability microsoft wind' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 server 2016 device guard bypass privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dear hackers ubuntu s app crash reporter will happily execute your evil code on a victim s box' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity reverse engineering ios apps ios 11 edition mobilesecurity iossecurity by ivrodriguezca part 1:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7284 microsoft internet explorer 10 and 11 allows microsoft internet explorer 10 and 11 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipad air 2 being jailbroken' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eset endpoint antivirus 6 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jtainsworth13 that s sweet of you to say which features have you been enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'porn spam pushing coin miner recover edited windows logs proxy botnet news podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'links 28 11 2016 x-plane 11 beta early work for c 20 microsoft hole in rhel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm bigfix remote control up to 9.1.2 sql injection cve-2016-2950' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epicz_izzy_snow thanks for doing that your feedback helps make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'woebringerzero we sure have come a long way since floppy disks how are you enjoying the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blodhthringa we recommend using the best windows ever be sure to check it out here let u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kalyanisays we re glad we could be a part of your journey are you working on any cool projects with windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kent_latic hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ansonluitweets hello anson thanks for sharing the day with us are you a current windows 10 user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1933:01 important chromium-browser security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '__kkhyunwoo hi there have you try these steps on your browser go to gt settings gt advanced gt content settings gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomgilchrist we re glad to hear that how have you been enjoying the rest of your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red_global happy to hear that you re liking the latest build how long have you been a windows insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk 6.2.3 7.0.1 information disclosure splunk versions 6.2.3 through 7.0.1 suffer from an information' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xme detecting pentesters on a windows network with splunk lt the looks like an interesting topic sansfire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allyrdr no problem thanks for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when do you really need a vps pros and cons for wordpress beginners' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows x64 createremotethread dll injection shellcode 584 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lil_shady87 nice how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity vpnfilter malware targets new devices can deliver exploits to endpoints talossecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability sap maxdb odbc infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt weldpond if you have oracle weblogic patch now poc available and large scale automated attacks are underway' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting cybrotech cybrohttpserver version 1.0.3 suffers from a cross' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one of our offices in london is at 17 st anne s court f-secure is one floor up from trident studios recording ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server kernel elevation 2012 obtain information vulnerability microsoft windows server kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'finnmyrstad buttarelli_g indeed but erm it s been two years since whatsapp chose to disregard the law mea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a curious tale of the priest the broker the hacked newswires and 100 million of insider trades a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you can strengthen validation rules so users can t give passwords the ol sniff test to reuse them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter pale moon browser use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt soaj1664ashar a tour of office 365 azure amp sharepoint through the eyes of a bug hunter i will presen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp urges android users to manually backup their chats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix netscaler nonce generation flaw lets remote users obtain potentially sensitive information on the target sy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bbc planning netflix of the spoken word to take radio content global' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mzurihamd we re glad to hear that how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 kernel euleros-sa-2018-1196 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hype_fox hi there have you tried the steps in the article to repair chrome if it freezes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sean_ong we love your enthusiasm sean how long have you been a windows insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt imeluny very proud of the effort behind defcon s new support hotline available 8am-4am.please spread the word so people' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware player 12.x lt 12.5.2 drag-and-drop feature arbitrary code execution vmsa-2016-0019 linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity fraud and computer misuse account for almost half of crime in ons figures first forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to zerrotajo secureeb wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webauthn passwordless authentication infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benjaminwittes i just donated to the gofundme: support for fbi veteran pete strzok i want to say a few words about why' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft .net frame' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get pumped for embedded linux conference eu 2018 check out our series of recap videos presentations and more fro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introducing gepetto a splash-like rest api to headless chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle openjdk runtime environment build 1.8.0_112-b15 denial of service exploit 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle meet mowgli the new office mascot in amsterdam he s 15 weeks old amp loves a good game lifeatoracle via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap cso security requires context sap cso justinsomaini interview w kg4gwa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox lt 50.0.2 nssmiltimecontainer.cpp svg animation rce macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to use ai amp predictive analytics anticipate and prevent storage infrastructure problems by combining flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_8_0-ibm suse-su-2018:1738-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dzone shoutout to the sponsors of the 2018 guide to containers: aquasecteam chef cloudfoundry diamanticom oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'garbologist elizajbarr lakemba braybrook idiots are idiots and they re everywhere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla extra search 2.2.8 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'axcentrikk hey there how are things running for you at the moment we re here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb 2.1.0 remote code execution exploit cve-2017-12636 webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmsa-2016-0023 vmware esxi updates address a cross-site scripting issue nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9576 the blk_rq_map_user_iov function in block blk-map.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.14 does not prope' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security sushi or pizza mac or windows threat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 linux distribution overload we have just the thing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how and why you should limit login attempts in your wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sultra cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability csv2wpec-co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service poc exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts vulnerability being exploited by attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the full lineup of activities has been announced by linuxfoundation for open source summit and embedded linux conf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps domains amp hostings manager pro 3.0 entries parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssh versions since 2011 vulnerable to oracle attack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'handdrawnworld_ there are 2 versions of wordpress and the installation of wordpress that uses a hosting company.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday august 6th 2018 mon aug 6th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'five great photo gallery plugins for wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious google chrome extension spreads nude celebrity pdf s to facebook cyren websecurity has found a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ariana_tobin when you walk into the facebook offices you are asked to sign an nda when you refuse you get a lanyard like the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel net sctp socket.c local denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3705-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security update for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 abap injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soontoblow hello have you tried the windows 10 game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0430 an elevation of privilege vulnerability in the broadcom wi-fi driver could enable a local malicious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 6 7 firefox rhsa-2016:2843' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kristofera eduardopozo dmini happens all the time the other one is full blown bruteforce windows doesn t lock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-0449 an elevation of privilege vulnerability in the broadcom wi-fi driver could enable a loc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ecos secure boot stick 5.6.5 credential disclosure information leak packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dennywils you may want to try clearing your browser cache should that be why you still see the link' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore how enterprises are leveraging cloud to drive digital business advancement with oraclecloud tcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine dos nessus plugin id 110566 with medium severity synopsis the remote device is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'look -bdf -t termchar string file the look command in linux displays lines beginning with a given stri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress formbuilder 1.05 cross site request forgery cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you a linux foundation certified sysadmin engineer what have you done w certification tag certsuperstar to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an extensive malvertising campaign used more than 10 000 compromised wordpress sites and several legitimate online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wa auditor general recommends inter-agency cooperation to counter malware the state s office of the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you an opensource developer who is interested in adding your company to the linux foundation s growing list o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption ms15 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wpa enterprise with kali linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libgit2 2018-ca483ae3e0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps alstrasoft template seller pro 3.25e tempid parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3732-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4232-1 xen security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3692-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dangokyo my write-up for cve-2017-3000 a cve assigned to us on constant blinding prng in flash player more details can be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do i make my windows 10 computer run faster part 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity oracle will stop trusting md5-signed jar files in april infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for tomcat native original release date august 17 2018 the apache infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update kbuild virtualbox opensuse-2018-938 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln pivotal mysql for pcf cve-2016-0898 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pettifersteve sounds like fun which shows are you streaming the most on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how do the linux kernel memory protection features on android work google has added linux kernel memory infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'godaddy acquires wordpress security vendor sucuri hosting provider aims to deliver even more security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 binutils linux wget phsa-2017-2.0-0008 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s the best way to keep your linux systems running at optimal levels register for lfs426 linux performance tun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suzanntee welcome to team windows suzanne how is your device currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin job manager 4.1.0 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian linux turns 25' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamehowlers we understand could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows device we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress instagram feed 1.4.6.2 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter topic macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings detecting windows endpoint compromise with sacls dane stuckey medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'information disclosure dos flaws patched in apache tomcat the apache software foundation informed users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a malspam campaign targeting a slew of banks uses a microsoft office publisher file to infect victims systems wi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'didyouknow you get a free chromebook with the purchase of select instructor-led training courses check out the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities oracle sun zfs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-017 security update for windows kernel 4013081' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrewisiakpere please try clearing your cache and cookies and reset your connection also check if using a different browser works.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter high dsa-3804 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeremysaldate mikko yeah the gangs here fight with slam guns all the time and machetes and swords and knives i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3 denial of service overflow vulnerability home ask the team mailing lists advertis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_8_0-ibm suse-su-2017:0460-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux vulnerability could lead to ddos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dovatlm thanks for the kind words are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4232-1 xen security update the update provides mitigations for the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3135-1 gstreamer good plugins vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-123 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3192892 version 2.0 severity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update redis opensuse-2018-667 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update firefox on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote microsoft internet explorer jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption ms15-056' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase your autonomous future starts on july 17th unleash the potential of your data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1825 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9644 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dmg_13 music to our ears are you enjoying any other windows 10 apps or features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0108 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microfocus secure messaging gateway remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 jetty 2018-93a507fd0f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux mint please stop discouraging users from upgrading security is not an if it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk rhsa-2017:0180 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poll how many different instant messaging chat services i.e whatsapp slack hangouts etc do you use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft excel 2016 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress silently fixed massive zero-day vulnerability in last week s update a few days ago wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fastberte hi there is an operation that you can do to recover the power of your browser by following the procedu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd couchdb multiple vulnerabilities 1e54d140-8493-11e8-a795-0028f8d09152 nessus plugin id 111018 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find a way bypass the ios activation lock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 deluge 2017-ce66f11df1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mxoolong hi there let s try these steps to disable spell check on chrome go to gt settings gt advanced gt language' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you like blogging or managing your site on the go you ll lt 3 the wordpress app for ios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple s icloud saved the deleted safari browsing history over the apple icloud hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt einsteinsattic it s not a blog but here s an analysis of what google legally-speaking alphabetincus sister division' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle glassfish server cve-2017-3250 remote security vulnerability glassfish server cve-2017-3250 r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aix openssh advisory openssh_advisory9.asc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'session on application security architecture for an apache wicket web app running in tomcat the anatomy of a secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to irancybernews dinosn wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbihop hi matthew check out the article for tips on how to speed up google chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances vulnerabilities in microsoft s azure cloud platform could infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'are you ready to talk containers 1 day left to go dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 3.4 gnupg2 ovmsa-2018-0239 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wedding slideshow studio 1.36 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt grahambrookie mueller do you fly the route often djt jr yeah of course mueller whispers i know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp denies it has backdoor for decrypting messages whatsapp s much touted end-to-end encryption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nextdoorbro7 hey there are you still having trouble if you provide a few more details we d be more than happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter saplpd 7.4.0 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast leak location information researchers found' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ribbons and tabs give onlyoffice suite a fresh look' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel ext4_read_inline_data memory corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to check for wordpress security updates beginners guide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kick off your weekend by testing your knowledge of docker trivia by jaxentercom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-5493 wp-includes ms-functions.php in the multisite wordpress api in wordpress before 4.7.1 d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i mean the voatz response as an example is literally on a wordpress site where everything is posted as admin as a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google disables inline installation for chrome extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with vr in your browser see the world like a grizzly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how software features from opnfv and openstack can add resiliency to mobile networks:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 rubygem-sprockets 2018-fd29597fa4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stevemedia13 hmm could you check here chrome: version amp confirm that you re using the latest version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu major damage after a severe hailstorm with hail up to 10-12 cm in diameter in rnomelj slovenia on friday june 8' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee researchers falsify a patient s vital signs in real-time mcafee s security researchers announced infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 os denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 3.18.6 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft unveils new security and risk capabilities in office 365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to hellostacyjo malcaresecurity wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my household 2 adults 2 pets and 400 spiders i ve let in by having the windows open.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top intel office not on same page as cia regarding russia hack assessment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 10-strike network scanner 3.0 local buffer overflow seh topic 10-strike network scanner 3.0 local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe cve-2017-0123 information disclosure vulnerability discoveredmar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome desktop update mends 36 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrew___morris moonbas3 yep me too it s like adding blockchain to everything if you re putting a word in with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the first-ever talossecurity threat research summit is underway at clus learn more about the event amp check back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon s aws s3 cloud storage evaporates top websites docker stung' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sorry i ve forgotten my decryption password is contempt of court pal us appeal judges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 qemu-kvm-rhev rhsa-2018:2060 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla to kill firefox for windows xp vista in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rmallof open source windows kernel driver loader' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lastweasleyrose we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images are you enjoying any other apps or features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dream it draw it unleash your creativity and do more with digital ink in microsoft office apps windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security secure websites brought to you by the letter s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_jeremy974 great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mariadb 5.5.x lt 5.5.52 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nice miners disassembling webassembly spectre browser bypass gentoo github repo takeover podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a major hack brought down the website of ticketfly and disrupted several public on-sale concert tickets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is the intersection of openstack and kubernetes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _niklasb so apparently oracle grouped my two unrelated pwn2own bugs for virtualbox together under cve-2018-2860 in april wh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle webcenter portal multiple vulnerabilities april 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 drupal7-views 2017-82ce4661d6 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux iot android and macos expected in 2017 sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out how fans at the nflexperience brought custom cleats to life with surface sb51' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symantec endpoint protection small business edition unsupported version detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix buys unidesk for massive microsoft windows rollouts clouds win 10 and app layering citrix is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oceanx data platform helps power the subscription economy with oraclecloud learn more cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure thingz and data i o collaborate to deliver iot provisioning platform helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat quickstart cloud installer remote code execution vulnerability red hat quickstart cloud installer qci use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1770-1 moderate cobbler infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'voiceofwind might be easier to send us some email help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser-based malware evolution and prevention' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gjmdenhartog hi gertjan check out the article for steps on fixing problems installing chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaw in cortana means passwords can be changed even on locked devices infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3150-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'letsjoinjess that s very impressive when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cvpnkoda hi there we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mathiasydeyt hi mathias have you try these steps on your browser go to gt settings gt advanced gt content settings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 152101-81 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2439-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softmaker office 201x privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 anniversary update blocks zero-day exploits before patches are even deployed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle secure global desktop multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mnnoon that s awesome how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lynis auditing tool 2.4.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb affiliate referral php script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 linux predictions for 2017 networkworld in 2017 bryan lunduke sees changes for the linux desktop market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as the internet of broken things often makes clear sometimes the dumber technical solution is the smarter be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssl 1.1.0 lt 1.1.0d multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have you been wanting to optimize your linux kernel implentation find out how at our linux training course:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imsupah thank you some might say we re a rare llama what device are you currently running windows on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-19 tar extract pathname bypass nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component vik rent items 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a post type in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome swiftshader texture allocation integer overflow topic google chrome swiftshader textur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'busting the security myth should i use wordpress for my website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer html help control 4.74 bypass microsoft internet explorer html help control version 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-36 apache multiple vulnerabilities httpoxy nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meet the innovators oracle via business_ai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'b2evolution lost password function lets remote users reset passwords on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt iansus just coded a small loadable kernel module for linux tested on 4.9 to hide processes from system utilities other' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new sextortion scheme uses victims real password for blackmailing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tylerha97 use-after-free uaf vulnerability cve-2018-8373 in vbscript engine affects internet explorer to run shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component spider calendar lite 3.2.16 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how will you spend your free time in the autonomous future mbkumar vp of oraclecloud platform discusses how aut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress mac photo gallery 3.0 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0437-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 glpi 2018-cdccabb23d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have you updated to wordpress 4.9.7 yet patches arbitrary file deletion vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us could ask visa applicants for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb remote apache struts 2.3 lt 2.3.34 2.5 lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms edge cmarkup::ensuredeletecfstate use-after-free packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'compromised javascript package caught stealing npm credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.4 overflow gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4131 nessus plugin id 110527 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s democrats the week closes with the indictment for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android media.metrics service race condition packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps audiojungle clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome firefox css3 flaw may have let attackers grab facebook user data privacy vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ddos attacks against digital broadcasters to worsen in 2017 the isbuzz post the post ddos attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aka_aiyana hey there do you have any questions we can help with we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gogs open redirect vulnerability e53a908d-a645-11e8-8acd-10c37b4ac2ea nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network ubuntu core has the keys to iot security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows ink means the magic of a blank page whenever inspiration windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 2.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june s patchtuesday release takes on an interesting windows dns flaw and updates the advisory regarding spectrev4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2015-8626 the user::randompassword function in mediawiki' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fun python library pysap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tech support scams as a service from browser to computer lockers l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cmtgiizzzmo we re happy to hear things are now running smoothly are you enjoying new apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'losferwords thanks for the info can you check amp let us know if the happens in incognito mode as well' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux 2 kernel alas-2018-1046 nessus plugin id 111334 with medium severity synopsis the re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel amp amp lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _littlebobby military enlisted officers and basket weaving' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update tomcat on sl7.x noarch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtuozzo 6 parallels-server-bm-release vzkernel etc vza-2018-041 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft com for windows improper serialized object handling exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netflix hbo go hulu passwords found for sale on the dark web nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 6.0 gain privileges vulnerability apache tomcat 6.0 gain privileges vulnerability4 jan 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cmsenson gotcha learn more about windows 10 in s mode here we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee opens lab to demo threats from lock picking to medical device hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serenetwili9ht thanks for the details just to confirm are you using any custom themes in your google chrome als' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jason_todd87 hmm okay to help us better understand what make and model of windows device did the issue occur on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps mc yellow pages script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitcoins for cash in bags trader gets 12 months in prison the former stockbroker dealt with murky infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2016-5545 remote security vulnerability vm virtualbox 5.1.8or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fyi users you may have leaked passwords personal info thousands have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpressbeea2 thanks for the fave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle announces acquisition of dyn oracle says purchase of the recently ddosed dns service is aimed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt huntoperator flare now supports detecting beacons for bro_ids amp suricata_ids output ingested into elastic stack sample confi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9259 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansemea update your work space with the brand new windows forensics poster explore' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update microcode_ctl suse-su-2018:1759-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chandrarangan gdpr makes both data owner and data processor liable watch out cloud providers timgrieveson duncanwbrown hpediscover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danoventa excellent how have multiple desktops helped you stay organized' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cuteftp 5.0 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft store brings remote app install to windows 10 with install on my devices microsoft has added infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday kinsey infor lawson esbus sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy rm to mp3 converter 2.6 stack buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'batten down the ports linux networking bug segmentsmack could remotely crash systems patches incoming infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update sssd and ding-libs on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trishmcfarlane larry ellison describing how oracle will cut your bill in half with the new autonomous database backs it up with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2018-8034 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2962 apsb17-01 adobe acrobat reader type confusion remote code execution mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp vulnerabilities could let malicious users modify private group chats and spread fakenews or misinfo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure authentication means moving beyond passwords via csoonline by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matt hancock confident a no deal brexit can be avoided as confident that hancocksapp was gdpr compliant and as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4255-1 ant security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3151-4 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter will your employees passwords awaken the sleeping dragon of email security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mbkumar . larryellison on stage how hard is it to learn to drive a self driving car if you want to use the oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with narrator changes and improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5196 the content renderer client in google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update zziplib opensuse-2018-560 nessus plugin id 110392 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'questions and answers script 1.1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1534-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danielgwood hi daniel have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1852-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'let s keep 12 days of deals rolling visit microsoftstore and save big on windows10 tablets starting at 49:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 8.1 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability microsoft windows 8.1 bypass a restriction o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s internet intelligence could help a planetary task force learn more dyn kyork20' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'philipsharp we re extremely sorry about the experience you ve had it is indeed a disappointing situation and we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add header and footer code in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 138353-03 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday august 3rd 2018 fri aug 3rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ultimate product catalog 4.3.11 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bluedenu hi denu visit the chrome help center to learn more about getting rid of unwanted ads pop-ups amp malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to security_faqs gn3mes1s artem_i_baranov wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-006 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 4013073 version: 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heatzxd thanks for the update could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5737 the gerrit configuration in the openstack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pulplibrarian the next year brought another big leap the hewlet-packard hp35 not only did it use a microprocessor it was also t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln broadcom wifi driver brcmf_cfg80211_start_ap function stack buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home and chromecast down reboot them to fix the glitch thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fugueish cfarivar those complaints were about extensions that cause chrome to work unexpectedly if the blog post' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt avira critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack via securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 firefox rhsa-2016:2843' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases windows 10 cumulative updates kb4346783 and kb4343893 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools 8.54 peoplesoft remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to retire windows 10 delta updates in 2019 hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newtube redirect removal how to restore your browser the newtube redirect is a recently discovered infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity someone tried to resurrect 14-year-old sql slammer worm infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remembering linux installfests fossforce in the article for the first time since 2003 a writer makes ment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec secure download links sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ini_husna hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justinembone you ll be excellent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4161 nessus plugin id 110997 with critical' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress wp quick booking manager cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what will apple announce at wwdc repairing broken ios fighting android macbook air' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weatherjoshua ah okay an extension is a plug-in that extends the functionality of a web browser we recommend ch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dance studio 1.0.0 shell upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3816-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier runtype oob read bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvizion cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql 5.5.50 remote code execution vulnerability oracle mysql 5.5.50 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps hotel booking script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office vulnerabilities chained to deliver backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dodgy pics sneak into whatsapp web' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'php 5.6.x lt 5.6.37 exif_thumbnail_extract dos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you can now install chrome extensions in opera directly opera 55 beta released last week allows users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removes inline installation option for chrome extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to datiobd gitconnected abhijitnr infosec wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian putting everything on the usr tidying up the artefacts of the 90s should make things more secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'loudanielpedro hmm we suggest reaching out to the chrome google forums for more specific help:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco asa multiple vulnerabilities cisco-sa-20180606-asaftd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out yan vugenfirer s presentation using linux containers to manage embedded build environments from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the meaning of the carpenter sct decision is broader than the opinion confirming recent newly privacy-conscious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anneloeshop looks like fun have you seen windows ink yet sketchpad is a great digital canvas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ctovision our list of tech to see at dodiis18 cloudera awscloud bricatainc attivonetworks pfpcyber datarobot anomali' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntugraphy we got you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'horrormadam what s happening in your other browsers and which ones are you using can you also get in touch at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hundreds of thousands of windows xp and vista users won t be able to use steam soon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities 2dde5a56-6ab1-11e8-b639-6451062f0f7a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-1656 the ibm java runtime environment s diagnostic tooling framework for java dtfj ibm sdk java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security manufacturer website design script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mac malware uses old windows malware techniques' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'munich s it lead no compelling reason to switch back to windows from linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'community news and analysis april 2015 featured news google safe browsing insight into a javascript infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'codetillamgone we appreciate the kind words which features are you currently enjoying most we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco firepower management center 4.10.3 execute code sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'read e-books on your pc or phone with microsoftedge new in the latest preview build for windows10 insiders.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wp_rocket wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anyone with a legitimate user id and password combination can use any mfa key that s been registered to unlock any' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday manufacturer website design script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. peterarmaly lays out oracle s customer-centric answer to the great debate saas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge internet explorer handlecolumnbreakoncolumnspanningelement type confusion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bradheath lawyers for a russian company indicted over election meddling say the charge was brought by an unlawfully appointe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hermescenter eu releases official proposal to update dual-use export control regime including broad controls on cybertechnologyhttps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyb3rops dovehawka bro_ids module that automatically imports mispproject indicators amp reports sightings by tylabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft pushes out patches for critical flash player vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp security snafu could allow message manipulation theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update samba suse-su-2016:3271-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bugtraq cisco security response cisco smart install protocol misuse infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dandarkpill john mcafee security expert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2394 foreshadow spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'videoinsight web client 6.3.5.11 sql injection cve-2017-5151' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news adobe just fixed thirteen code execution flaws in flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers have found up to 145 android apps on the google play store infected by malicious microsoft windows ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glevy106 we appreciate your patience updates help keep your device safe and secure which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 libvirt linux openssh procmail python2 rsync phsa-2017-0051 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter b2evolution up to 6.7.8 lost password privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasite http rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rcs here is the talk i gave on java serialization at bsidespgh nccgroupplc nccsecurityus if you like the you can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to get to the bottom of website performance issues by kyork20 on the oracleiaas blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-1_8_0-openjdk opensuse-2016-1380' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how google s safe browsing helped build a more secure web wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-619 adobe flash netconnection use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability the vulnerability allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 nss rhsa-2017:1101 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sign up for our free weekly newsletter cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-17 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome os local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches multiple flaws including a flash zero-day exploited in the wild securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7509 an input validation error was found in red hat certificate system s handling of client provided certi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14017 the r_bin_java_annotation_new function in shlr java class.c in radare2 2.7.0 allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers attack code circumvents defense mechanisms on linux leaving machines susceptible' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking has office depot claimed your pc had a malware infection when it didn t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-69 ark unintended execution of scripts and executable files nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zemlin i want to welcome the 51 new members who joined the linux foundation just in july so many companies coming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker discloses unpatched windows zero-day vulnerability with poc thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress formbuilder 1.05 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat developer discovers simpler way to crack wpa2 wireless passwords helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more than 8 800 wordpress plugins out of 44 705 are wordpress nsa malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how businesses are smartly transforming with google cloud android and chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add css ghost buttons in your wordpress theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zombie0805 hmm okay are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-15877 the plainview activity monitor plugin 4.7.11 for wordpress is vulnerable to os command injection via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for over a decade the members of oracle s internetintel team have been telling some of the biggest stories about' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter brave browser 1.2.16 1.9.56 address bar spoofing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'overcome the complexity created by too many devices security products and consoles mcafee mvision portfolio simp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming excellent choices how many winner winnner chicken dinners have you won so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer new turning tables technique bypasses all windows kernel mitigations by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blowdart rewatching infinity war and laughing at the authentic touch of vision in scotland a sign saying we will deep fry your kebab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guix system distribution guixsd 0.12.0 gnu linux os adds new system services' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mateusz_jozef pwn2own 2018 a methodical approach to browser exploitation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fabletelle hmm could you share the exact error code i.e err_xxxxx that you re seeing when you re trying to brow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christianbute hmm interesting we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert publicly disclosed exploit code for windows task scheduler zero-day securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infield chatter mlb likely hoping hacking story disappears' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esa-2017-007 emc documentum eroom unverified password change vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'old linux kernel security bug bites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2420-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'and yet another myheritage just disclosed that a databreach last year exposed 92m emails and hashed passwords a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3142-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt susanmoussalli loved hearing mark and safra speak great to see oracle s leading change initiatives and proud to be part of an or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'please vote for the sans stormcast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgeneratedcontent::hasgeneratedsvgmarker type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel sg_write and bsg_write functions let local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert michael cobb of thehairyitdog explains how the upnp protocol is being misused to hijack attack and distri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4565 local security bypass vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-4565 local security byp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer android apps infected with windows keylogger removed from google play store by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'videoinsight webclient 5 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle discoverer 11.1.1.7.0 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 641765 linux kernel ip fragment re-assembly vulnerable to denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripkucera signs of the times cool time lapse of the dyn gt oracle building sign switcheroo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update java-1_7_0-openjdk suse-su-2016:2953-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 3:mariadb 2018-86026275ea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '8webcom cms sql injection topic 8webcom cms sql injection risk medium text: in the name of god' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update w3m suse-su-2016:3053-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx218775' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos helpviewer xss arbitrary file execution read packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking if you re going to use windows it makes security sense to use windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 exempi vulnerabilities usn-3668-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2583 the load_segment_descriptor implementation in arch x86 kvm emulate.c in the linux kernel before 4.9.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hvcco as haroonmeer put it on riskybusiness podcast never go full mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news a wave of ransom attacks is targeting mysql databases worldwide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 2:samba 2018-8e4d871867 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the top webinars of 2016 included talks on openstack hyperledger rasp pi and more watch them all:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt engadget the academy teams up with the linux foundation for open source tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cacklingcarrot we completely understand how has the rest of your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officialmcafee bullshit talks money walks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aagaardjr we love the excitement jesper are you using windows to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter gosa include functions.inc generate_smb_nt_hash password privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3790-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drifterdarling it looks like you are using the wordpress software with hosting the is a bit different from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update subscription-manager on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'synchronet bbs 3.16c for windows multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla com_rpl sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap hana cockpit cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle . jeffreylcohen lists the oraclemktgcloud blog s top 10 articles of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3726-1 imagemagick security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux security flaw patched after years unspotted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 php-symfony3 2018-c8ddc44bbb nessus plugin id 110952 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proofpoint cloud account defense detects compromised microsoft office 365 accounts proofpoint announced infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers data obtained from insider flashpoint new evidence uncovered by researchers after the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother-and-sister duo arrested over hacking campaign targeting italy s bigwigs eyepyramid operation infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd vlc use after free vulnerability dc57ad48-ecbb-439b-a4d0-5869be47684e nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans security finding bad with splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uh oh windows10 mobile security bug allows access to personal photos on locked devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jelebal it s all good we re glad to hear everything is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress contact form maker plugin multiple security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imikay we re glad to hear it was successful how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inbenta have now issued a statement confirming it was single line of javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'astrl1 bryanonsecurity sethmisenar eric_conrad excellent congratulations thanks so much for trusting sans for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla ajax search for k2 2.2 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update opencv opensuse-2018-629' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter questions and answers script 2.0.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattdep we don t receive telemetry back from snort installations l so verticals would be hard.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off siteground wordpress hosting get a free domain limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 things you should do when inheriting a wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'g suite self-service password resets g suite is one of the most popular productivity solutions for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 gst-plugins-good0.10 gst-plugins-good1.0 vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-day exploits could wreak havoc on linux desktops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla jcart for opencart 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zero-day flash exploit targeting middle east threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt n00py1 new blog is up today we are executing meterpreter on windows 10 without upsetting defender thanks to ben0xa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple s icloud saved the deleted safari browsing history over the years securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-raspi2 vulnerability usn-3151-4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday zigaform sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security trademart b2b trading software 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top five free antivirus software for windows os for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4229-1 strongswan security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3730-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 120202-09 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 knot-resolver 2018-50d055a5af nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'updates to windows command line on the way' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tylabs thanks to mispproject and adulau for adding the new bro signature datamodel today support for using that plus in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln huawei anyoffice remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na dsa-3755 tomcat8 security update it was discovered that incorrect error handling in the nio http connector' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explained what s up with the whatsapp backdoor story feature or bug thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox danielderi googlechrome opera coffee anyone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2010 mso ordinal5429 heap corruption exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suricata idpe 4.0.5 tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking an f-secure safe subscription lets you install security software on windows macos android and ios devices howev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter a vulnerability in oracle database could allow for complete compromise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mydearcelebs hi there did you recently open chrome from an old computer that was logged into the same chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidjohnjames2 hi david could you try the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fitness wearable maker fitbit to cut six-percent of its staff following a disappointing q4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleservcloud gartner names oracle a leader in gartner magic quadrant for fsm 2016 fieldservice https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptocurrency service bancor robbed of billions myetherwallet users targeted via malicious vpn chrome extension' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress patches dangerous xss sql injection bugs the security release fixes three flaws in the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. microsoft silently fixes kernel bug that led to chrome sandbox bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deathmedieval alexander of begbroke died 1347 caught with four stolen sheep value 4s and put in prison where he died a natural death' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jackiistomski hey there is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site scripting topic brother hl-l2340d hl-l2380dw cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nytimes the new version of the firefox browser gives google s chrome a run for speed but it s the privacy features that ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt leotpsc new armage ransomware destroys windows explorer shortcuts and encrypts data seems to be fully operational curren' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase no early retirement for the dbas with oracle autonomous database you can innovate more improve the analytics and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee vows to serve the crypto community when he runs for president in 2020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'time to change your passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2016-0166' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser security fail darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'audit hits regulator for not testing brokerage firms cyber security policies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7278 microsoft internet explorer 9 through 11 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information fro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sandboxescaper wdormann oh god ms broke my joke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel project rolled out security updates to fix two dos hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emanueljdv34 we re glad the brightened your day how have you been enjoying windows overall lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dyn does your iaas provider really understand enterprise applications oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft beefs up enterprise security in windows 10 surface' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s a new war of wits amp atriox is fighting dirty play the victor in halowars2 t for xbox amp windows10:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris critical patch update jan2017_sru11_3_16_3_0 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mc documentation creator sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 windows execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bheatherjourno hsjnews see hancocksapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap gui up to 7.40 on windows saplpd crash denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vadimkantorov interesting which version of windows 10 are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehive_project mispproject twsecblog we are used to talk about l excellence francaise at the office but it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hollyjollypaca hi there have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday march 17th 2017 fri mar 17th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my link trader 1.1 out.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 vhd gain privileges vulnerability microsoft windows 10 is prone to a gain privilege vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taescups that s what we like to hear which new features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14430 the mondula multi step form plugin through 1.2.5 for wordpress allows xss via the fw_data id 1 f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enterprises face windows 10 support deadlines as service model kicks into gear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce joomla ja k2 filter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce php-adodb sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5-year-old linux kernel local privilege escalation flaw discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 7 excel starter 2010 xxe information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle in aws a better way to make your dba happy ah those pesky database guys always wanting more infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'copy-me vulnerable to csrf allowing unauthenticated attacker to copy posts wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to manage unsandboxed plugins on your chromebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'comcast lied and now it must stfu its cable broadband is not the fastest in the us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frostyx finishing 10th is excellent congrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp vulnerability allows hackers to intercept and change message contents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla com_product 2.2 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schools alert management scripts arbitrary file read packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle autonomous data warehouse cloud gets qmp faster results watch the video with michael morales ceo of qmp he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2016-1426' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emm_david kopiluwak a new javascript payload from turla via securelist' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hancom office 2014 hangul hshow document heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deja vu all over again another new apache struts vulnerability cve-2018-11776 another remote code infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'europol left red-faced after terror data leak officer left sensitive data exposed to internet advertise infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'machine learning learning cybersecurity packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google boots open source anti-censorship tool from chrome store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt statedeptdss security engineering officer john bagnal 3rd from right receives an award from the director of the office of secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2016:3048-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress pie register blind sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec cisco webex chrome extension remote command execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'via business_ai oracle one of the world s largest saas companies have sought to leverage their enormous volume' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 flaw made fake microsoft emails look legitimate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt netspi new blog post from netspi java deserialization attacks with burp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai fingered for massive post office and talktalk outage over 100 000 routers taken offline advertise infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aakash006sharma thanks for the love aakash how long have you been a fan of windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smhalliday excellent choices what s your favorite car to drive in forza' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity fully decompiled rootfs remount for ios 11.3-11.4 from electra mobilesecurity iossecurity by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoomeye iot search engine cached login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln util-linux cve-2016-5011 local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft 365 security integrates with your broader it ecosystem part 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3170-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter popup by supsystic plugin 1.7.6 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pcmag the is the worst password you can use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '145 google apps found infected with malware fishing data from windows systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'data brokers like trss amp west publishing are a part of a largely hidden data ecosystem of companies that track amp pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opencontrail an open source sdn platform is an essential project within the openstack community:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.9.10 urg flag net ipv4 tcp.c tcp_splice_read tcp packet denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm bigfix remote control up to 9.1.2 sql injection cve-2016-2950' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to prayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter genixcms up to 0.x register.php activation sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6098 a sql injection issue was discovered in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle discover how oraclewomenlead and oracledatacloud work together to make sure that oracle is the best company for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip check out the redesigned game bar s new integration with watchmixer on windows10 now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7681 micro focus solutions business manager versions prior to 11.4 allows javascript to be embedded in url' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security zoneminder 1.29 1.30 csrf xss sql injection session fixation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tweetrpersonal9 bugbountytip uploading file with .url might result in xss chrome doesn t support it yet but works like a charm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb server exposes babysitting app s database the makers of sitter a popular app for connecting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'resane bartar cms sql injection cross site scripting vulnerability topic resane bartar cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt microsoft365 fasttrack for microsoft365 now offers deployment support for co-management on your windows10 devices.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity committee cyber-security report gives cabinet office much to consider infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday july 24th 2018 tue jul 24th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2013-6446 the jobhistory server in cloudera cdh 4.x the jobhistory server in cloudera cdh 4.x before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2570-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tranquil scenes for a transformative desktop experience download 19 artistic images in today s windows10 theme:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla aweb cart watching system for virtuemart 2.6.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lazerdoov my mom has a podcast but you can only hear it if you have the password to my voicemail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ellenbroad it is too late to back out now the physical copies have arrived made by humans out 30 july courtesy of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 vulnerability identified bogus email as valid' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe reader and acrobat cve-2016-1008 remote code execution vulnerability linuxadobe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'search engines in russia cannot link to banned vpn services and internet proxy services securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings flash zero-day exploit act now naked security see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 freetype2 libtirpc rpcbind phsa-2017-0017 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is adwords work with ad networks to make extra money' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday kinsey infor lawson esbus sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-22 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a pingback in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln foxit reader for linux unspecified stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase think autonomous make your move to oracle autonomous database cloud and cut your amazon bill in half.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.3.6 denial of service gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using two-factor authentication with one-time passwords sent via sms has come under question again after a reddit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 qt3 2018-0a0da2f3b7 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to break into a locked windows 10 device ask cortana cve-2018-8140 by cedric cochin mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worth noting embedi published the equation editor bug which existed in all versions of office across all versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers using excel iqy files to dodge antivirus and download malware scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome not secure warning infosec cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome lt 68.0.3440.75 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news netflix and spill web vid giant kills password masking in tests' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angelecanteven and bluehost uses two different versions of the wordpress software and the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s very little in fact almost no independent analysis of sap security outside of erpscan so it s a very str' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marinamaral2 huge thanks to wordpressdotcom and varguizm without them the website would not exist' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs following the announcement of new information from cisco talos on vpnfilter our team shares recommendations and u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability linux kernel usbhid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securelyfitz congratulations your talk has been declined many of us have been disappointed or relieved by a rejection in the p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt joepettit2 whatsapp scam uses fake coupons to collect user info generate ppi affiliate fees metacompliance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4225-1 openjdk-7 security update several vulnerabilities have been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2926 apsb17-02 adobe flash player memory corruption remote code execution i mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news uk credit broker fined 120k for spamming folk with five million texts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'expert found a 0day rce in microsoft windows jscript component securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'legoman_718 how interesting have you tried the windows update troubleshooter let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement wordpress hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zoomeye iot search engine cached login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt razhael new i ve obtained emails and chats between gru officer ivan yermakov and an independent malware researcher between' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x64 download amp execute shellcode 358 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4268-1 openjdk-8 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt steventseeley you can t contain me analyzing and exploiting an elevation of privilege vulnerability in docker for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 jscript amp 039 reg exp base::fbad header amp amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide on how to add twitter cards in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brainpicker talent is insignificant i know a lot of talented ruins beyond talent lie all the usual words discipline love' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1247 the nginx package before 1.6.2-5 deb8u3 on debian jessie and the nginx packages before 1.4.6-1ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to solve selinux issues with ease using selinux alert browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ripstech here are the slides for our talk prepare introducing novel exploitation techniques in wordpress from owasp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla team display 1.2.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm websphere commerce enterprise 7.0 8.0 password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how does a 13-year-old configuration flaw affect a sap system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update open-vm-tools suse-su-2017:0705-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics stay up to date with all of our latest tools like the new windowsforensics poster dive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'velveetasuicide we re glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2016 was another huge year for adobe flash attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash tops the exploit kits chart in 2016 again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce internet explorer information disclosure via microsoft internet messaging api' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows malware how to stop your files being wrongly tagged as malicious by windows defender atp infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ransomfree tool helps defend windows pcs against ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'burritobrosshit hey there what makes you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ons 26 of smartphone users do not use smartphone security according to a new report from the office of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mi0vax carlgottlieb yep if i lose my phone or it s broke or stolen i lose access to lots of things ncsc azure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tamannagodara proud to see nanosimbox oraclestartup video at oracleemployeesummit oraclechanginglives.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer textarea.defaultvalue memory disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just a reminder that it s 18 months and four days until john mcafee eats his dick on live television when bitcoin f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress contact form maker plugin 1.12.20 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp warns that google drive backups are not encrypted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update perl opensuse-2018-751 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webkit javascriptcore out-of-bounds denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver application server java remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle jdeveloper information disclosure vulnerability july 2018 cpu nessus plugin id 111332 with medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-734-1 mapserver security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 libtiff glibc libsoup photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0060 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt johncvillanueva problem loading web html user interface on internet explorer ie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac don t miss the latest edition of the dfir webcast series pcap command-line madness with hal_pomeranz tuesda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker steals military docs because someone didn t change a default ftp password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt y3dips echo zine issue31 public release enjoy m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'natalierobins7 we re glad you think so how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability linux kernel usbhid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2966 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sofacy group sending out phishing messages using dde exploit technique to disseminate zebrocy koadic and other to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4232-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-144 microsoft internet explorer scripting engine remote code execution ii 3204059' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clearing out the office a blast from the last hawktalk_blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update microcode_ctl suse-su-2018:2076-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikrotik winbox 6.42 credential disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 egg-hunter shellcode 25 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer html help control 4.74 bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking just about every password manager includes a component to generate random unguessable passwords for you but not a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2568-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component com_docman gid parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pgi to set up uk-apac centre of security excellence in malaysia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows gdi32.dll emr_setdibitstodevice heap-based out-of-bounds reads expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps damicms 6.0.0 cross-site request forgery change admin password exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security flaw in mcafee enterprise software gives attackers root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5184 pdfium in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 pdfium in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to include category and subcategory in wordpress urls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle agile product lifecycle management framework obtain information vulnerability oracle agile product lifecy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 1:rubygem-sinatra 2018-0b17e1e529 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'argus surveillance dvr 4.0.0.0 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'extension created that adds chrome activity to the windows 10 timeline a new chrome extension called infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity biggest web security breach of the year change your passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian jira lt 7.2.15 oauth plugin iconuriservlet internal network resource disclosure csrf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos tor browser lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wow whoever installed that mysterious disappearing device reinstalled a new signal injector sometime in the last w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft powerpoint file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fancy bear ramping up infowar against germany and rest of west russian hackers part of broader campaign infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scavenger_bfdb hello what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update openvpn opensuse-2018-705 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2462 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft to have holographic developer kits for cheap vr headsets at gdc microsoft will have windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap hana db 1.00.091.00.1418659308 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6136 local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why does cityofsandiego ciso ghayslip trust tenable and nessus to keep his city secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel mm memory.c local code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to osones eehargis cnparisapm aws devops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guess king battistelli s plan to fix the euro patent office yep give himself more power situation goes infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital_tanya appreciate your efforts tanya can you let us know what version of chrome you re using to check t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atbox.io open redirect packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge windows 10 info leak type confusion remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer-plugins-base opensuse-2017-95' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office star wars death star popcorn maker that s no moon that s 1100 watts of pure snack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel out-of-bounds memory access error in sctp lets remote users deny service or obtain potentially sensit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14611 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a use-after-free in try' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sherylvolk we re glad to hear everything is working properly now how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 photos app gets new image editing ui in fast ring' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maximustaurean we re glad to see your enjoying windows spotlight images have any other new features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'built-in lazy loading lands in google chrome canary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mylobot highly sophisticated botnet shutdown windows defender amp blocking ports on the firewall newly infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us congress candidates use office 365 or google suite and turn on multi-factor authentication for you and all y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component paypal ipn for docman 3.1 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2102-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday visual link sharing websites builder script 2.1.0 sql injection vulnerability 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2871-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3757-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability linux kernel cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mariadb 10.2.x lt 10.2.3 multiple dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download topic wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security samri10 windows 10 hardening tool for thwarting network recon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whysee4yc you can learn how to get windows ink here we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wdormann i am running a edge on a plain windows 10 install and it is vulnerable the browser does trigger smb and there is no plugin afaik' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber risk a perfect storm approaching europe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec google chrome htmlkeygenelement::shadowselect type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 10 11 buffer overflow cve-2017-0037' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july patch tuesday critical browser patches lazy fp exchange adobe vulns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medical clinic website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings open whisper systems gt gt blog gt gt there is no whatsapp backd see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beers with talossecurity podcast is basically like bill nye but with cybersecurity and beer take a look behi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gin_a_ding_ding did you get the same result in another browser if not it could be a browser extension for example.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mythosyt hi there could you tell us more about what s going on with google chrome we ll do our best to help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle open-sources graphpipe to support ml development' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9450 the user password reset form in drupal 8.x before 8.2.3 allows remote attackers to cond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 suricata 2017-f3aac83a8f nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gradydyoung oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gsse11 how are you enjoying the windows experience overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6476 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.4 overflow gain privileges vulnerability linux kernel 4.6.4 overflow gain privileges vulnerabil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dolshtawaleed got it give these steps a try go to settings on your device gt apps gt chrome gt storage gt tap clear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how tiny house designer mandi hooper does more with her new always connected windows 10 pc:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache qpid broker-j maximum message size processing bug lets remote users cause the target service to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.6 security keys big_key.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-67 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache has patched a critical remote code-execution vulnerability in struts 2 and users should update immediately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new oracleiaas internet intelligence map provides a simple graphical way to track the health of the internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2167-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper the ill that men tweet live on after them their good tweets are interred with their bones' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whether you think of yourself as a captain or just a lowly deck hand the docker101 page has the answers to all yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ozvet55 saving passwords is super easy here are directions gb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'super cms blog pro php script 1.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july 2018 patchtuesday adobe releases security updates for a total 112 vulnerabilities affecting flashplayer ad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamemsa that s great to hear are you enjoying any new features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xdg-utils opensuse-2018-573 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen passwords fuel cardless atm fraud some financial instutitions are now offering so-called infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5002 adobe flash player versions 29.0.0.171 and earlier have a stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9084 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci_intrs.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 misuses the kzalloc function w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newsguard browser extension aims to alert you to fake news sites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toys amp games forbidden stars beware the warp storms from fantasy flight games the warhammer 40 000 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'larachurch 1.0 shell upload packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haphdamned hello are you having trouble with windows today we re here to lend a hand.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'school management software 2.75 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mitchliveshere standing room only for the cyberexposure talk by rob healey from tenablesecurity at splunklive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8655 local race condition vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5491 wp-mail.php in wordpress before 4.7.1 might allow remote attackers to bypass intended posting restri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft cortana allows browser navigation without login: cve-2018-8253' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress print money v4.91 plugin persistent cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishing campaign on office 365 business users leverages phishing office365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your windows 10 migration strategy leaving you vulnerable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aglongo adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity i am releasing officedeployframework which is an immensely powerful script used in the real world empowering full' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mariadb 10.1.x lt 10.1.20 multiple dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2583 privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adding a simple gui to linux shell scripts with kdialog howtoforge shell scripts are incredibly useful thing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 control center maybe still in development based on screenshot in ms store infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house withholds cyber-security order for further revision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation ms16-135 0day exploi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update openssh suse-su-2018:2275-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript core arbitrary code execution javascript vuln exploitdev infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polartoffee platform kali linux 2.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress form maker plugin multiple security vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel arch x86 kvm vmx.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome 55 now available loads html5 over flash by default drastically reduces ram usage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel ics and apple post patch tuesday alerts and patches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome 56 google starts slapping not secure on http payment and login pages infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache httpd http 2 header processing lets remote users consume excessive memory resources' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excited to announce that alienvault usm has won a cybersecurity excellence award for best siem here s why:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'who do you want to nominate call for nominations for group 1 department coordinators and officers submit you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with smart cloud infrastructure usage pwned passwords is serving 54m requests a week with zero downtime and almost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damonsharp hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3151-3 linux kernel qualcomm snapdragon vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ashwinning that s music to our ears ashwin have you tried browsing with edge yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows blog deadrising 4 launch microsoftstore s 12 days of deals amp more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shorinsean a hidden gem down at the bottom of the post you can now use the authenticator app to reset your password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update util-linux on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krnlpnc tor browser protects you from facebook knowing what you re up to in other tabs so it can help curb the i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edhightackle we re happy to hear it are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kp_centi we re happy to see you re enjoying windows spotlight images which other features have you been enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kathrynbrookes1 hi kathryn just wanted to check in are you still experiencing the we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 runc rhsa-2017:0127' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker releases a simple tool that automatically finds vulnerable apache struts servers using shodan api and perfor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux vulnerability could lead to ddos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps iscripts autohoster 3.0 siteid parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fr0gger our latest mcafee_labs threat report is out more details about latest threats here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver multiple privilege escalation vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news hacker wiping unprotected mongodb installs and holding data for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress sites targeted in world cup-themed spam scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.x pipe.c privilege escalation exploit cve-2009-3547 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9919 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install silverstripe cms on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.7 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrexcel 366 140 breached accounts in december 2016 the forum for the microsoft excel tips and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lifeinflorals hi again try the steps listed in the guide to install chrome let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snappersdelight hi gordon have you tried the steps in the guide to help with the issue see chrome isn t..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chromebooks may soon dual boot between chrome os and windows 10 today a report has revealed that google infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'media reports that 1password might be gobbled up by apple but it s twitter account says it s b011ock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome will soon mark some http pages as non-secure google s first wave of security changes to convert infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor virtual network tunneling tool 0.3.3.8 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sergioaa06 that s an excellent timeline we re glad we could be part of your journey what has been your favorit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 2:qemu 2017-12394e2cc7 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google search console fail over notifications for the wordpress updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update memcached on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt parseword thegrugq saw the one the other day and thought i was having a stroke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hwingo check out sans cyberstart program to identify and inspire students who can excel in cyber careers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows attackers to execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 podofo 2018-2f3c0cdf93 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apiibox thanks for reaching out david you can follow the chrome releases blog for more info hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'realdotnetdave that s music to our ears how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'korean davolink routers are easy exploitable due to poor cyber hygene securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schoolhos cms 2.29 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keep gift ideas under wraps with automatic private browsing in firefox focus finally an un-spoiled surprise:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install redmine 3 with nginx on centos 7 howtoforge redmine is an open source web application for pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need xmas ideas try cve-2015-7645 a flash gift that keeps on giving' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kandy_girl1 hi melissa check out the help center article about repairing chrome if it freezes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6667 authentication bypass vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web gateway 7.8' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote code execution vulnerability microsoft windows cve-2018-8210 remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5570 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2891-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google discloses another unpatched windows vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awsreinvent attendees are loving oraclefreerides make memories amp have fun request a ride in an oracle cloud te' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt matthewwarren blogged tools for exploring .net internals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ansible 2018-53790a5236 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks whois is an actual irish word ardfheiseanna.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 firefox vulnerabilities usn-3155-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worry less now keep your office 365 backups indefinitely' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla je ticket system 1.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'locky variant osiris distributed via excel documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 6.0.x lt 6.0.48 7.0.x lt 7.0.73 8.0.x lt 8.0.39 8.5.x lt 8.5.8 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swiftonsecurity malwaretechblog linux application packaging is proof communism can t work.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out the bonus sessions at sansdallas for the latest cybersecurity info on http2 amp windowssecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 thunderbird rhsa-2018:2251' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'incredible it s 2018 and some sites don t work in a mobile browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows adodb.record object file overwrite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle privilege escalation via xml deserialization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add featured images or post thumbnails in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec vanelo wanelo clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epicprivacy is granting a scholarship to 20 civil society ngos wishing to participate in the open session of the 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition privile 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud the autonomous enterprise is not your average enterprise it does a better job at everyday decision-making faste' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday openexpert 0.5.17 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mythemeshopteam wordpress spon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richardsparr thanks for the update have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt angealbertini office malware landscape:still an early draft but i welcome feedback suggestions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easyphp devserver 16.1.1 cross site request forgery remote command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6662 privilege escalation vulnerability in mcafee management of native encryption mne before 4.1.4 allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 tls session ticket implementation remote memory disclosure ticketbleed uncredentialed check nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stonestudios hi there is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 firefox vulnerabilities usn-3140-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papercurse understood the dell inspiron 13 is an excellent choice for excessive internet usage:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tensorflow now runs on raspberry pis learn what that means for embedded linux devs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 23 php-php-gettext 2016-a571b97ebb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity news in brief telegram crack fake superuser passwords leaked election systems infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libxfixes opensuse-2016-1429 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'disconnectio music to our ears what is your favorite windows feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle has the most innovative cloud applications suite it s the only suite built on machinelearning with quart' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability mypixs plugin cve-2015-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powershell threats are on the rise 95.4 of the scripts symantec analyzed were malicious infosec windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami tomcat8 alas-2018-1056 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator urges federal agencies to ditch adobe flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'august 2018 .net framework security and quality rollup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lbordois that s what we like to hear are you enjoying windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4233-1 bouncycastle security update nessus plugin id 110665 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimmychimchim hey there we re glad you noticed are you enjoying any other new windows features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3133-1 oxide vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 creators update what s on tap for spring 2017 for business users infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dbswebsites we re glad everything is sorted how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rainyday11 hi what is the url of your site you should be able to log in with your username and the password for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2016:2976-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 plexus-archiver 2018-6c55e1f79c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs report finds 93 percent of security operations center managers overwhelmed by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcdonald s vulnerability allows hackers to steal users passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday smart guard network manager 6.3.2 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danshimmyo impressive how is the rest of your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers talossecurity say the impact of the vpnfilter malware discovered last month is larger than originally' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesassjacket glad to hear it are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vishiru hey there what s going on to make you say that we want you to have a positive experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches severe vulnerabilities in prime collaboration provisioning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk 7.0.1 information disclosure vulnerability cve-2018-11409 webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrewminsky hi there could you go to your chrome dashboard to see if there s anything listed under bookmarks :' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the wild securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gnu privacy guard 2.2.8 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp backdoor a huge threat to freedom of speech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 qemu-kvm ovmsa-2018-0238 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-151 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3205651 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local pale moon browser lt 27.9.3 use after free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla intranet attendance track 2.6.5 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley icymi adobe flash provides six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sprout_group isis is watching you is hacking team shares access to security cameras around the word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the unbroken litany of distrust in which jonathan m gitlin writing at ars technica describes actions infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt feliciabarbera george and wheezie have given me more than i could have ever imagined oracle nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lindsaythomasjr hi lindsay let s start by checking to see if your passwords are still saved in chrome would you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hatsugan hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rdfreak hi rachel is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is there a defcon sapeur party there should be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ebros3gaming time sure flies are you playing any interesting games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker dublin meetup on july 26th sign up today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp version control repository manager for linux lt 7.6.0 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thegrugq_ebooks maxsec thegrugq chrome has a lot of dysfunctional baggage though software patents and so on.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'javascript web apps and servers vulnerable to redos attacks javascript web apps and web servers are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mario_carton hmm okay we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump cybersecurity order morphs into 2 200-plus-word extravaganza' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coreos tectonic shift now you can run it on azure and openstack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amnesty international says that it has been targeted in a cyberespionage attack via a malicious whatsapp message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3933 an exploitable out-of-bounds write exists in the microsoft word document conversion fun' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt swagitda hot off the startup unicorn press by scintillatingly mediocre author armchair expert bro generic name book is th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm tivoli monitoring up to 6.2.2 fp8 6.2.3 fp4 6.3.0 fp1 on linux unix stack-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens simatic wincc tia portal lt 14 unquoted service path local privilege escalation ssa-701708 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt charlestendell all computers are broken -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln schneider electric wonderware cve-2017-5155 historian insecure default password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceomcmxd sounds great maximus we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nielsprovos how to enable windows defender s secret crapware blocker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms17-003 security update for adobe flash player 3214628' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel names window snyder as chief software security officer darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec linux xfburn stack-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress comments import and export csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 binutils c dnsmasq git gnutls krb5 linux mercurial mesos nginx phsa-201 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diversity in cybersecurity helps build better solutions according to grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update gstreamer1-plugins-good on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3165-1 thunderbird vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivative' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps sap netweaver as java bc-bmt-bpm-dsk xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for june 19 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp profile picture a risky feature in the mind of a hacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pinterest browser extension injects unwanted code into 5k websites threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jalenrollins hi jalen try the steps in the guide to import settings from another browser does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teamgaryb_x welcome to team windows have any features caught your eye we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress quizlord 2.0 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5669 local security bypass vulnerability kernel 3.19.3linux kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eu wallops whatsapp imessage and gmail infosec itsecuritynews news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wemakepies hey there we like your style which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix-on-power-as-a-service is a thing yup a cloud just went there why should modern oses and silicon infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches flaws in windows office edge microsoft has addressed vulnerabilities affecting infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foxit phantompdf lt 9.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lunarixus swiftonsecurity malwaretechblog i can fire up a win 10 to validate but aren t these off by default an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7072 a remote bypass of security restrictions vulnerability was identified in hpe moonshot provisioning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malcomvetter i just published .net process injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution wordpress redirection plugin version 2.7.1 suffers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sklemens1 time to jump in the ..data lake..with oracle virtual reality look at big data dgievents 930gov . oraclegov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'changes in webassembly could render meltdown and spectre browser patches useless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starstruckjanna hi there what happens when you re trying to load chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4269-1 postgresql-9.6 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'u.s could ask visa applicants for social media passwords us embassies could ask visa applicants for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opera browser update install extensions directly from chrome store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm powerkvm up to 3.1.0.1 linux kernel loop denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'also enable 2fa and use a password manager.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cannibal if you suffer from service epilepsy ask your doctor if office365 is right for you.to give them credit the malici' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 blink cross site scripting vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 blink cross sit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aprit joshipura is taking over linuxfoundation on 3 21 at 10 am pt to answer your open networking s his info:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln trend micro serverprotect for linux unspecified cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user impersonation vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bill anderson a new ceo the vision for 2017 some are always searching for truth truth-seeking is what infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress wp google map 4.0.4 sql injection wordpress wp google map plugin versions 4.0.4 and below s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle introduces new launchpad online portal to speed path to oracle saas apps learn more on dbtrends:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awesome linux commands cheatsheet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'also get chromebooks not 4000 windows laptops with no security hardening or management.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to hack wifi password capture handshake amp decrypt wpa wpa2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new ways to track internet browsing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5549 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2017-5549 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 essential powershell security scripts for windows administrators networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt granetman hacker held open mongodb databases for ransom by securityaffairs mongodb hac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jreidenberg our new fordhamclip study shows student data brokers are a virtual black market in kids info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2016-0167' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.2 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eurightsagency icymi check out our latest rightsreport 2017 brought both progress amp setbacks in terms of fundamentalrights p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity teen broadcasts suicide live on social media infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsonasu what s happening to make you say that brian we want you to have a great experience with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ultimate form builder lite 1.3.7 xss sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4243-1 cups security update nessus plugin id 111014 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows emet xml injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce snort executing dll code via tcapi.dll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sevantownsend thanks for your loyal support are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last day of the dockercon expo hall we are still raffling star wars droids at the top of every hour during our bo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt todayininfosec 2003 it was reported that slovenian hacker robert skulj committed suicide he had been embroiled in a legal disput' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ericooi my bro_ids instance at work just led me to a desk phone sending syslog to churchschicken no really' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt casefoundation aretha franklin truly knew what it meant to befearless we are thinking about her and her many words of wisdom as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity locky variant osiris distributed via excel documents infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 zsh elsa-2018-1932' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases windows 10 cumulative updates kb4343909 and kb4343897 microsoft has started rolling infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12825 unspecified security bypass vulnerability adobe flash player cve-2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee host intrusion prevention services lt 8.0.0.3828 authentication bypass nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'interest in attacking ics networks broadening by jaivijayan honeypot ics ot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt esafetyoffice a better internet starts with you the worldemojiday spread the goodvibes amp say something positive using emojis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6670 external entity attack vulnerability in the epo extension in mcafee common ui cui 2.0.2 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'steviasphere hello there can you share with us what makes you feel the way about windows we d love to learn the ways we can improve.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phillipskraba hi we certainly regret any disappointment in your dell product please direct message the customer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress lt 4.9.6 authenticated arbitrary file deletion exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i thought apple doesn t use windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco email security appliance for asyncos cve-2017-3818 remote security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt snort we have quite the army assembled in maryland while many of our researchers are out in las vegas for black hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'westondofficial how s your experience with windows 10 going so far weston we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kompose a tool to go from docker-compose to kubernetes kompose is a terrific way to expose kubernetes princi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-3552 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'angularjs filemanager v1.5.1 file upload vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emmasaponaro hi it may be that the reset email you received was for a username account that you have not used if' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3738-1 tomcat7 security update pgp signed message-----hash sha512 ---' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability adobe flash pl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-bo bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug triggered errors on websites using symantec ssl certificates if you ve encountered errors infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an extensive malvertising campaign used more than 10 000 compromised wordpress sites and several legitimate online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.3 amp lt 2.3.34 2.5 amp lt 2.5.16 remote code execution 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update kernel modules packages suse-su-2018:1784-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle jd edwards multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity zero-day security flaw makes windows pc vulnerable to denial of service attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global antivirus software market 2018 scope symantec avg mcafee trend micro and avast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1044 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1446-1 intel-microcode security update spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs two new flaws within cortana have been addressed in microsoft s august update our team explores the flaws which' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent post joe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kate065 thanks for letting us know which version of windows are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4236-1 xen security update nessus plugin id 110787 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to artem_i_baranov ruggerotonelli wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attackers use office s ole to distribute keylogger' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lhmillard oraclechanginglives of your employees and their dogs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yugiohfan2016 sounds great to us brandon how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress wp google map plugin multiple sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle outside in technology cve-2018-2801 remote security vulnerability oracle outside in tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aix openssl advisory openssl_advisory26.asc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 ncurses strongswan phsa-2018-1.0-0164 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dandhewitt what browser and browser version are you using make sure you have javascript enabled in your browser and try disabling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 23.0.0.162 linux denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability adobe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update dbus-1 suse-su-2017:0292-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'droberts639 we re glad to hear you re up and running again how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is windows shimcache a threat hunting goldmine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update chromium opensuse-2017-273' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archermishale rimbui are you ok but have you updated your browser why it s bad mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update java-1_8_0-openjdk opensuse-2016-1380' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking brute force attacks on wordpress websites soar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'verityvirtue thanks for following up just to confirm does the happen only on chrome browser keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla com_remository component id parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default router password leads to spilled military secrets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched wordpress file deletion vulnerability could allow site takeover and code execution security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt juliaioffe and here s franklinfoer s excellent beautifully written profile of kilimnik' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge browser vulnerability allows malicious hackers steal your computer local files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fujitsu s wolfgang ries explains how opensource software is a bit like magic in his talk from linuxcon europe:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter papers i know where your page lives de-randomizing the latest windows 10 kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spion thanks for your input gorgi we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'issap as technology is evolving and organizations face new challenges to secure information from the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo to build and run sap s cloud in china what china wants china gets local company running a too infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phase ii centers of excellence solicitations are out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle peoplesoft products flaws let remote users access and modify data and local users access data on the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.18 releases with steam controller kernel driver spectre updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officescan xg 11.0 unauthorized change prevention bypass exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tenable securitycenter lt 5.7.0 multiple vulnerabilites tns-2018-11 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find flaw in whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mainframed767 when your auditor asks if you store passwords using a one way hash but doesn t follow up with are you storing pass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter red hat jboss flaw in drools workbench component lets remote authenticated users traverse the directo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je video rate 1.0 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5972 the tcp stack in the linux kernel 3.x does not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows escalate uac protection bypass exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nik_adhia reggiebradford biggest challenge in building a startup was finding selling to customers oraclesca helps to s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i0n1c bro do you even humour' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netgear multiple model cgi-bin rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot powered ddos attacks and scada incidents will make top security headlines in 2017 bitdefender predicts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what is rss how to use rss in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'who can guess the set of circumstances authentication bypass vulnerability in tpm autoboot in mcafee drive encr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle july 2018 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kernel live patch security notice lsn-0013-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclelinux crowds gathered for global employee summit oracle oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'varunforreal great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 multi dual mode execve amp quot bin sh amp quot null 0 shell 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1505-1 nessus plugin id 110340 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'forgot your password how to recover a lost password in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress to require hosts to support https in an attempt to provide increased security and privacy for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mbkumar . ovum analyst tonybaer oracle is the first database provider to go down the autonomous path. thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 56 ffmpeg heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ignoredmonster we re glad to hear of the experience how has the rest of the windows experience been for you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'favoritemovieinfivewords we don t want your money' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k8em0 metlstorm yeah i was sick for a lot of it so didn t get face time with everyone i wanted to next time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'csrf in tooltipy tooltips for wp could allow anybody to duplicate posts wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress ultimate form builder lite plugin amp amp lt 1.3.7 sql injection vulnerab 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018-08-21 more malspam with password-protected word docs now pushing neutrino malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome is getting the ability to play flac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s an end user gt system privilege escalation bug in windows via task scheduler it works also somebody hire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soheabmalik we love your excitement are you a current windows user soheab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with retail-like updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techmeme docker pulls 17 malicious images which installed reverse shells and monero miners on servers the past year from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s latest linux fixes new spectre lazy fpu patches beef up defenses security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mc real estate pro insecure direct object reference packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'comprehensive list on wiki of browser version tls compatibility vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off wpengine managed wordpress hosting use coupon wpb50off blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thlorenz hi thorsten could you check here chrome: version and confirm the version you re using we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel tcp reassembly algorithm lets remote users consume excessive cpu resources on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component je property finder 1.6.3 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'botched microsoft update knocks windows 8 10 pcs offline regardless of isp virgin media proximus infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-4329 a local denial of service vulnerability exists in window broadcast message handling functionality of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the winnti gang continues its activity and leverages github for c amp c communications trend micro infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the linux foundation is committed to opensouce networking check out the projects that bring open source to netwo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity prosecutor s office paid bitcoin ransom in cyberattack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hungrymntaineer you can find support for wordpress in their community forums' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diskboss enterprise 7.5.12 post buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dolphin35800206 sweet of you to say what are you liking about windows right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player 22.0.0.211 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco prime collaboration provisioning cve-2018-0321 security bypass vulnerability cisco prime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition privile 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi offers some poor password advice for online shoppers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'michelfloyd does the only happen with chrome try using incognito mode to browse amp let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'obama can still boost transparency accountability before trump takes office infosec its' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 thunderbird rhsa-2018:2252' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows vista support officially ending' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component magic deals web 1.2.0 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news here we go again the most commonly used passwords of 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 firewall control 8.1.0.16' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clone 2 go video converter 2.8.2 unicode buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 oxide-qt vulnerabilities usn-3133-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kitploit falcongate a smart gateway to stop hackers and malware attacks ddos ddosattacks debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix rmsock lets local users obtain potentially sensitive kernel memory contents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeff_feldmn we re thrilled you re a fan which features have caught your eye on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2847-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts evolution-data-server vulnerability usn-3724-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell emc collaborates with sap and camelot itlab to offer solutions for data security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reef madness corals and the creatures that call them home come alive in the aquatic windows10 theme dive in:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss enterprise application platform 7.0.1 http response splitting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.18.7 denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abcospecialties we love your excitement how is your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no questions asked windows code cert slingers fuel trade in digitally signed malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt s4tan i created a simple utility to run methods from a .net dll and .exe it should be useful when analyzing .net malwa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'audiograbber 1.83 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'plex media server 1.13.2.5154 ssdp processing xml injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory bind updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt socialwiz twitter is the home of breaking news savvy news organizations broadcasters and journalists use it to inform' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geniusdeadpool we re glad you like it are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security exploit for windows dos zero-day published patch out on tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ableachlife if it isn t hosted on but it is using wordpress it s a installation.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.5.2 denial of service obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thepaleopalate1 adsense can only be used on the business plan but with personal you can apply to our wordads prog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux pam 0.6.9 authentication replay vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4287903 security update for adobe flash player june 2018 nessus plugin id 110414 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers could spoof whatsapp messages sender names' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'recently patched oracle weblogic flaw exploited in the wild at least two threat groups have started infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest top cloudcomputing news thanks to oracleiaas ryancrawcour trignontech devops aws' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'resane bartar cms sql injection cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 5difference engine the woes of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt derekbrauders good idea and good read.isn t it interesting how much the word trust is becoming more and more used these days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smarky7cd hmm go to system settings gt online accounts gt add google account gt turn on switcher gt open chrome browser amp login any luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vmware preparing patches for catastrophic struts flaw infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newly discovered windows 10 file format vulnerability allows attackers to bypass os defenses says security resear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattrandalll nice any new features catching your eye in the windows 10 april 2018 update yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0-day flaw in macos high sierra lets hackers dump all passwords from keychain apple prides itself on the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.12 net packet af_packet.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers reuse passwords to access 26 500 national lottery accounts sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out what grantbourzikas ciso mcafee is doing about building diversity in the cybersecurity business by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kapustkiy hacked the national assembly of ecuador website the hacker broke into the backend of the www infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'database ransom attacks have now hit mysql servers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc cve-2016-8020 mcafee virus scan for linux allows for remote code execution as root' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vawtrak malware spread via toxic word documents is still a thing apparently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huawei picks suse for assault on unix big iron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rauchg the browsh text-based browser is so amazingly good.the is what the elders expected lynx to become' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemktgcloud what the holidays and accountbasedmarketing have in common via oraclemktgcloud johnrampton' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt campuscodi attacks on oracle weblogic servers detected after publication of poc code oracle poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln suse opensuse build service cve-2018-12466 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14614 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an out-of-bounds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8970 crypto algif_skcipher.c in the linux kernel before 4.4.2 does not verify that a setkey operation has' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:1820 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to 7h3ram xceptn priyanshu_itech infosec wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'azure vulnerability allowed admin access to red hat enterprise linux instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isilon onefs snmp detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec java se mission control insecure transport mitm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-11 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2018:1783-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami php72 alas-2018-1067 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monokromfonts hi there check out the handy guide for tips on how to turn on or off translation on google chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 deluge 2017-884de1e698 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'truehoax that s fantastic what have been your favorite changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cynicalsecurity be aware of the very poor retirement package and stay away from fifth story windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco identity services engine cross-site scripting vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu spectacular storm structure and colors on the attica coast saronic bay greece yesterday june 23 wow photo nik' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the guardian slammed whatsapp for a security backdoor it s actually just standards infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'friendfinder breach highlights the need for better practice in password security the friendfinder infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerc names bill lawrence as vp chief security officer via nerc_official' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp message sent to amnesty international contained pegasus spyware v3_co_uk whatsapp spyware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1809-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the 504 gateway timeout error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt office365 live now to celebrate the launch of the free version of microsoftteams get a behind-the-scenes look at how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what to do when the vendor s security patch doesn t fix the problem back in the days before television infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian cve-2016-1253 remote command injection vulnerability debian cve-2016-1253 remote command infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress jibu pro 1.7 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-3595 remote security vulnerability oracle fusion middleware cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to edit their comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptojackers exploit critical apache struts flaw infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cundymark that domain is not registered or hosted with us if it was using wordpress it was using the open source' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2152-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1772-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt clearskysec charmingkitten built a phishing website impersonating our company the fake website is clearskysecurity .net the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1419-1 ruby-sprockets security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'upgeneration sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite 12.1.1 12.1.2 12.1.3 knowledge management privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9479 the lost password functionality in b2evolution before 6.7.9 allows remote attackers to reset arbit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jpatarino hi like other browsers firefox won t support npapi plugins like silverlight anymore pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt razhael new i ve obtained emails and chats between gru officer ivan yermakov and an independent malware researcher between' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sketchxz gotcha please keep us posted on how things go we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banker chrome extension has hit users kaspersky' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'my kettle has broken the thread will probably be 62 tweets and worse meltdown than trump watching saturday night live.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mixtatiq excellent read by mattbeedham about why you should be wary of samsung s claim that smartphones offer the best secu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi tells users to change passwords frequently experts say the is bad advice you d normally expect the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 samba elsa-2018-1860 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch out sextortionists are now including legitimate passwords in their email campaigns' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3168-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ocasio2018 to all the women people of color lgbt and working class americans running for office i know the journey is ha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'maddash 2.0.2 directory listing packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update samba opensuse-2018-649' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trivia what is a characteristic of a red hat hacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-13390 unauthenticated access to cloudtoken daemon on linux via network from version 0.1.1 before version 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8967 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the wordpress memory exhausted error' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2016-0162 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cross-site request forgery in file manager wordpress plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 libvirt rhsa-2018:1997 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vawtrak malware spreading via toxic word docs i.e fake parking tickets is apparently still a thing:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17728 is now available here s whats new today microsoft released windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our top picks for docker amp k8s networking tools coreos projectcalico weaveworks bigswitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin authenticated remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert issues advisory after researchers report increase in attacks against sap and oracle erp apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-08 file denial of service nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-azure linux-gcp linux-kvm linux-oem regression usn-3718-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us citizens now being forced to provide their social media passwords upon return to us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news melbourne man arrested for broadcasting fake messages to pilots' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 tomcat6 tomcat7 tomcat8 vulnerabilities usn-3177 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser chrome 55.0.2883.75 for windows mac and linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6519 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt projectzerobugs windows exploitation tricks exploiting arbitrary object directory creation for local elevation of privilege' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla jcart for opencart 2.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markimus uh oh we d like to have one of our experts look into the for you could you post the in the chrome for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10879 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause a use-after-free in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ithemes security plugin amp lt 7.0.3 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami glibc alas-2017-792' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 phishing campaign hides malicious urls in sharepoint files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4258-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd vlc use after free vulnerability dc57ad48-ecbb-439b-a4d0-5869be47684e nessus plugin id 111224 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs cybercriminal tactics shifting from external malware threats to fileless attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security packet storm new exploits for 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a proposal from anssi_fr by using ace on the c: windows tasks directory as a countermeasure to the current vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer bugs let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft delivers wifi fix for windows 10 in latest patch tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple to charge 69 to replace a lost or broken airpod on its iphone service pricing page apple infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2016-12-12-3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jhughes004 stick to windows we re here if you have any questions we can help you answer.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware patches rce flaw for airwatch agent for android airwatch agent for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm websphere message broker cve-2016-6080 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter glsa-201611-18 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons don t care what it s used for there as long as' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add sticky posts in wordpress custom post type archives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zurb foundation 5.5.3 5.5.1 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update zlib suse-su-2016:3209-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd lt 10 qls_eioctl function unauthorized disclosure of information nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over 8 800 wordpress plugins have flaws study' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug in mingw-w64 windows app development environment results in exploitable executables' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver lets remote authenticated administrator users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix rmsock advisory rmsock_advisory2.asc ij06904 ij06905 ij06906 ij06907 ij06908 ij06934 ij06935' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-0318 all versions of nvidia linux gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer han' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starting a new shelf at the office for scifi books' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update gc suse-su-2016:3057-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel bugs let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information and execute arbitrary code on the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter project zero finds cisco webex vulnerability in browser extensions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twistermc automattic the twenty themes are made by the wordpress core team not by us but they also haven t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stevealee glad you re enjoying your overall windows experience we suggest checking out some of the latest featu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside dropbox and microsoft office phishing attacks salted hash ep sc03 by csoonline' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-kvm linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-37 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'could the be you really offensive security engineer sought by facebook here s your new password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reviewcafe any new browser add ons or extensions please try clearing your cache' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simple ads manager wordpress plugin unauthenticated php object injection vulnerability fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 libxslt linux sqlite phsa-2017-0025 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates available for adobe flash player apsb18-19 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8816 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284835 windows 10 version 1803 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110487 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ultimate form builder lite 1.3.7 xss sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easylogin pro 1.3.0 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twicestorm it s our pleasure let us know if you decide to pick one up we d love to hear your thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s why oracle s hiring more than a thousand college grads each year via markvhurd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_rsgallery2 v1.6 sql injection vulnerability vulnlab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress csv2wpec-coupon plugin cve-2015-1000013 arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dgleukocyte llmnr and nbt-ns poisoned my companies network and didn t like what i found i think i might write a bro script for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4 steps to excellence in data analysis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise lt 8.8 patch 11 privilege escalation vulnerability sb10237' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3153-1 oxide vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server attacks spike after vulnerability poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last year we announced the airband initiative which brought internet and digital skills to more countries around th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs cryptojacking malware infect and collect cases increased by 629 in q1 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla sports predictions 2.1.0.4 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 52.9 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus plugin id 111043 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security alert a17-01-02 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player and adobe reader acrobat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter critical wordpress update fixes zero-day flaw unnoticed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps mc smart shop script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2945-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps wordpress plugin single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security updates for internet explorer july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'encryption debate needs to be nuanced says fbi s comey fbi director james comey brought the encryption infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 24 suricata 2017-f9f3a78148' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmd_teddy we re glad to hear it are you working on any cool projects with windows lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-12997 incorrect access control in failoverhelperservlet in zoho manageengine netflow analyzer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin quizlord 2.0 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-19 mercurial multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fuzzwolf thanks for the info what version of chrome are you using to check type in chrome: version in the address bar keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'such a great piece thank you selenalarson i struggle with the too many of us do your words are a comfort tha' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2018-08-21 more malspam with password-protected word docs now pushing neutrino malware 2018-08-21 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at home in akron tufin opens new office in the city of invention the increasing demand for a policy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338814 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt m3g9tr0n small ctf challenges running on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-06 chromium google chrome user-assisted execution of arbitrary code nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle database server bugs let remote authenticated users access data and local users modify data and deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mailchimp accounts hacked to spam out malicious emails hackers broke into the mailchimp accounts of some infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-8745 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2243-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4255-1 ant security update nessus plugin id 111317 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'buckysportsguy hi there try these steps go to gt settings gt advanced gt passwords and forms gt manage passwords gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'use google chrome your personal details can be stolen via the simple trick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to digitalsphere33 wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gdritter thank you for the kind words we love your support.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rick jewell svp applications development oracle takes the keynote stage to discuss oracle s digital' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leading linux distros dawdle as kernel flaw persists a local privilege esclation flaw has been fixed in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'county welfare office violated accountability rules while surveilling benefits recipients county welfare infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marco_ramilli my last malware analysis on an interesting threat delivered by java file and probably only one weak evidence hidd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bdoughly excellent do you have a preferred price range you d like to stick to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yet another router botnet cortana ftw compromised docker images lazy fpu podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat jboss enterprise application platform 7.0.1 http response splitting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sabre selects red hat openshift container platform to support its next generation platform sabre infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to johnlatwc rlessley thealfred wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cinderellimouse hello thanks for your patience with updates how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3753-1 libvncserver security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords dhs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion topic wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proofpoint cloud account defense detects compromised microsoft office 365 accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update tcpreplay opensuse-2016-1408' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338819 windows 10 version 1803 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'third party patch roundup november 2016 google published several chrome updates in november infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freequaybouy will_potter signalapp whatsapp pretty much in other instances he took the data off the cloud back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lazerdoov my mom has a podcast but you can only hear it if you have the password to my voicemail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m guessing he d have excellent prospects for rehabilitation but it s a sentence that sends a very strong message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gen_spartacus we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'didithardworker glad to hear it are you using windows to work on any cool projects right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1251 there is a vulnerability of type use-after-free affecting dbd::mysql aka dbd-mysql or the database' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2565-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tenablesecurity webinar combat ransomware with the power of nessus register today dianegarey' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'powered by sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sedshah that s odd what version of chrome are you using to check go to your address bar and type in chrome: version.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'update tor browser 7.5.6 is released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security cve-2016-8224 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jesusghost7 that s odd does the happen across browsers also have you tried restarting your device to see if that helps keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brehmaaa excellent choices have you captured any epic game play clips with the game bar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3678-4 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have a windows cloud subscription via the csp program upgrade to windows10 now at no additional cost:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansics fill in your ics knowledge gap with ics scada security essentials ics410 in orlando apr 9-13 sans2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows .lnk file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idg contributor network new strategic vision needed to thrive as a digital enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201611-22 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update open-vm-tools opensuse-2017-276' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install git on centos 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimsnon okay we suggest checking out how to find your windows product key here we also r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0073 local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm bigfix remote control up to 9.1.2 password policy weak authentication' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu linux-based distro lubuntu to no longer focus on old hardware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload metasploit cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday centos 7 kernel denial of service exploit cve-2017-5972 dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sql slammer comeback' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts webkit2gtk vulnerabilities usn-3687-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x64 add root user toor toor shellcode 99 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fiedlerben any time are you enjoying any other windows spotlight images' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rio_ben gotcha you can check out these steps to get the latest version of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'backing up your whatsapp messages to google drive remember end-to-end encryption no longer applies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how docker is helping to save the world literally' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a word from yanatoom member of eu parliament alde to mention kaspersky lab in the context of malicious softw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle bug responsible for san franciso hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel x86 mm gup.c local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'valve is looking towards flatpak functionality for steam gamingonlinux flatpack could be the answer for mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201611-20 testdisk user-assisted execution of arbitrary code nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'before pridemonth comes to an end we re taking a look back at chris lifeatmcafee story learn how he joined the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel gets patch for years-old serious vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business client unspecified security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel gets patch for years-old serious vulnerability another dangerous vulnerability has been infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9755 out of bounds write security vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-9755 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many infosec professionals reuse passwords across multiple accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 thunderbird elsa-2016-2973 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-8967 arch arm64 kernel sys.c in the linux kernel before 4.0 allows local users to bypass the strict page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alexgaming1215 we love your excitement thanks for sharing with us how are you enjoying windows recently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 plugin template_id sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dublinbert team oraclemktgcloud having a great time on the shutterstock boat at canneslions thanks for having us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'messenger apps top risk hit parade whether running on ios or android facebook s and whatsapp s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reggiebradford my latest blog veteran entrepreneur joins leadership team as our startup grows oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tootimusic fantastic choices are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3241 jdk jre jrockit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd bro array bounds and potential dos issues d0be41fe-2a20-4633-b057-4e8b25c41780 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress delayed disclosure of critical vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash exploit found in seven exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toberead92 hi there can you please clear your browser s cache or try a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 open source strategy and simulation games for linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'perfectfailure1 hi there what happens when you re trying to launch chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anyone using the chrome web browser on chrome68 will see a warning message anytime they surf to an http page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft windows gdi32.dll emr_setdibitstodevice heap-based out-of-bounds re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pospitipsonline you can apply for membership in our wordads program' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google android local wifi broadcasts let local users access identifying data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mailman suse-su-2018:1638-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln cisco cbr series converged broadband routers cve-2017-3824 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collection of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday june 18th 2018 mon jun 18th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2944 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'detecting credit card fraud with red hat decision manager 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in case you missed it - gt ultimate list of wordpress stats facts and other research' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla portfolio gallery 1.0.6 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1927:01 moderate pcs security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'palo alto q3 outlook disappoints amid execution issues sales for the second quarter were light relative infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozilla thunderbird opensuse-2018-701' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an easy way to find your compromised passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4248-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gandcrab ransomware updated targets windows xp and older servers the notorious gandcrab ransomware was infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nakedsecurity football app tracks illegal broadcasts using your microphone and gps many users aren t exactly thrilled' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-4231-1 libgcrypt20 security update nessus plugin id 110572 with high severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress themes qualifire file upload vulnerabilty csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colibri a unique minimalist browser without tabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithlovemovies if incognito in chrome works i d look to a browser extension that might be blocking things in a regular window.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i made a mega account years ago with a joke password and never used it fast forward to august 2018 get an email s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-0763 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux chage command tutorial for beginners 6 examples' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter phpback cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jofanpang great tip thank you for sharing have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'which linux distro is right for you depends partly on what you re used to jlwallen has suggestions:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8916 unverified password change vulnerability in change password in synology diskstation mana' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android phones under attack as new malware can root devices steal passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 libvirt elsa-2018-1997 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the linux foundation is here to help you build sustainable ecosystems for your community learn more in our webi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity fail0verflow demonstrate linux and steam running on firmware 4.05 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'urban communications sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple itunes lt 12.5.5 multiple vulnerabilities uncredentialed check nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap as java p4 servercore getclientstatistic information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google drive cli client for linux google drive is one of the most popular services to store your files in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'every week c: program files windows defender mpcmdrun.exe restore all restoring the privilege escalation c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to save and sync your passwords for free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jboss 4.0.2 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0098 remote denial of service vulnerability microsoft windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2393 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11632 an issue was discovered in the multidots add social share messenger buttons whatsapp and viber plugi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux top 3 sparkylinux 4.5 mageia 5.1 and peppermint 7 linuxplanet: lots of incremental rollup updates th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt paulhamerman markvhurd reiterates that oracle will increase sales and distribution of netsuite globally and invest in product capa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google will roll the feature out over time starting by removing the secure wording for http sites in september' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd couchdb multiple vulnerabilities 1e54d140-8493-11e8-a795-0028f8d09152 nessus plugin id' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-kvm linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-3676-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2022' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'true key by intel security adopts windows hello' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ismartviewpro 1.5 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 linux linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3677-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpcommaven strange your avatar shows for me on both the forum and on gravatar have you tried the usual browser and connection resets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows media center 6.1.7600 mcl file handler ehshell.exe privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-0763 security bypass vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paypaluk paypal let s have a look at where you mention consent in the 6 426 word privacy policy . very interesti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new distro release systemd-free debian-based devuan 2.0 ascii' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'everything you need to know about password managers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8820 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adimike55 hi again adrian just checking in did clearing your browsing data help resolve your issue keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps fome sms portal 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rockwell automation rslinx classic lt 4.00.01 local privilege escalation nessus plugin id 110534 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity after muslim immigration ban us visitors may have to hand over social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariahasnotname hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tim2040 daraghobrien bainesy1969 you mean like the massive eu competition fine re whatsapp changed facebooks beh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warning shadow brokers hackers are offering an smb zero-day exploit the us-cert has issued a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'myheritage alerts users to data breach email paasswords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-33 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress flash rotator gallery plugin sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lissnup understood thank you for getting back to us let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emmetmckenna understood have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them one by one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flaw in pwc security tool exposes sap systems to attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the college students of today are building the blockchain solutions of tomorrow linuxone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_odisseus sandboxescaper granetman evanderburg expert publicly disclosed exploit code for windows task schedul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation my swan song for device guard windows defender application control device guard and application whitelisting on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dreamboatqueen1 hello there how are you enjoying windows 10 on the new device so far we re here if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component community surveys 4.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wdormann i ve confirmed that the works well in a fully-patched 64-bit windows 10 system lpe right to system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft excel products august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla catalog 1.0.7 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the mcafee atr team discovered access to an international airport s rdp systems for sale on the darkweb.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker dublin meetup on july 26th sign up today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just a reminder of how uk political parties such as the libdems imho misuse data by sharing it with facebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-12634 circarlife scada v4.2.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a direct request' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen wyden calls for the removal of flash player from federal sites computers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the_iuliand hi there which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update imagemagick suse-su-2016:2952-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thesimarchitect wonderful thank you for your support we re always here if you have any questions on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux x86 super small bind shell shellcode 51 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm tririga applications up to 10.4 10.5.0 notification password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache openoffice text document malicious macro execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-2440 under certain circumstances sap dynamic authorization management dam by nextlabs java' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7876 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable mem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings the official tor browser for ios is free to use ars techn see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt satyanadella together with our partners we are building windows for each of us new innovation to empower creativity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patellytubby next step is to clear your browser cache and cookies be very sure you have your post backed up before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux vulnerability could lead to ddos attacks scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3285 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how i wear my mcafeepride by keyeon business development representative imagine if you felt like you infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nrc seeks cdm contract extension cites lack of vision by dhs infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-736-1 gst-plugins-bad0.10 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to warfareplugins wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guymanutd mind if we jump in rohit have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security flashback wednesday pakistani brain infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to manage track and control file downloads in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join us and our numerous guest speakers at the linuxsecuritysummit north america learn how to lock down your serv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt revskills oracle advisories' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 4.7.4 uaccess.h _get_user_asm_ex information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs changing the world starts with investing in a transformative workforce oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do more with holiday pics the built-in photos app has editing tools amp filters that make each shot shine windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle blockchain cloud service is generally available today the service allows organizations to easily build bl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont technique lets phishing emails bypass office 365 security filters cyber-criminals are currently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0336-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3671-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.6 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel 4.6.6 denial of service vulnerability29 nov 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 56 s crypto tweak borked thousands of computers using bluecoat security theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache releases security updates for apache tomcat original release date july 23 2018 the apache software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thanks to mcafee toastmasters dawane is a skilled public speaker and heads up the office chapter in plano' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle sun zfs storage appliance kit ak multiple local security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will kubernetes could replace openstack and vmware as the basis for cloud-native infrastructure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity database ransom attacks hit couchdb and hadoop servers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybermatron in all other respects including storage access and search it was significantly more user-friendly with office 3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lindseyod123 blackhat2018 voice authentication is broken researchers say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin pie register lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'petebrownweb thanks for the tweet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wopot t_toyota jaintechnosoft wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1883 the issetugid system call in the linux compatibility layer in freebsd 9.3 10.1 and 10.2 allows loc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erica_lynn221 hi erica tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the kangaroo ransomware not only encrypts your data but tries to lock you out of windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'storybrooke_ln hmm let s try these steps more 3 dots gt settings gt advanced settings gt system gt uncheck use hardware acceleration. any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec steam profile integration 2.0.11 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'artificial intelligence will reshape banking as many as 70 of front-office jobs in the banking industry will be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-9592 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'punitsinghsuman how odd to help us better identify the issue what is the make and model of your windows device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vinodtikmani2 hmm okay let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8508 yandex browser for desktop before 17.1.1.227 yandex browser for desktop before 17.1.1.227' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7449 graphicsmagick leap opensuse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i surfed so much yesterday and the day before that every muscle hurts but the surf is good again today i really' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 3675-3 gnupg vulnerability gnupg could be made to incorrectly interpret the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys amp 039 ntsetwindowlongptr amp 039 pr 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whole_brook leave blank the browser.newtabpage.url and save mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 hasgeneratedsvgmarker privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to matt_zeus ls25webdesign updraftplus wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress cmw-speakers plugin sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-10088 the sg implementation in the linux kernel through 4.9 does not properly restrict write' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s strip search time getmenakedin4words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why the office of the future will demand stronger security for enterprise solutions and personal mo scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jackiekpgh hi there check out the article about sharing your location in chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt certbund wordpress 4.7.2 security release immediate update strongly recommended' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is password2 more secure than password1 ciso security vendor relationship podcast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'websites can now track you online across multiple web browsers thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s cybermonday 179 for training cert bundle or 299 for linux certs prep details p.s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manicode wishing you the best and hoping the storm won t get any closer keep your electronics off the floor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jfug metlstorm boblord it s not a massive difference in overhead just splits the production up that little bit more.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday july 30th 2018 mon jul 30th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_younite hi there have you tried these troubleshooting steps to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faraday 3.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'naqsnaqs glad to hear it let us know if it happens again how has the rest of your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'someone linked me to the mcafee tweet and now i need psychological help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ruiferreiraart hi rui have you also tried disabling hardware acceleration in google chrome settings here s how:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 rest api privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache couchdb amp lt 2.1.0 remote code execution exploit webapps exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt inforrm case law tlu v home office misuse of private information and data protection appeals dismissed durant further ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 anniversary update protected users against two pre-patched exploits infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt adrianmouat walked into the main expo hall at dockercon and spotted lizrice doing a container security demo at the partner th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows10 x64 creators local privilege escalation exp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft power point 2016 java code execution exploit remote exploits 0day explo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamthe_evanso that s odd could you try creating a new chrome profile and check if that helps:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber policy office seeks private sector ngo input' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aranyaps hello there are you still having issues with windows after the update we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt msuiche abcde is the password to your democracy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecurity the cybersecurity war is more real than ever find out how oracle s trust fabric incorporates autonomous technolo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel arch x86 kvm vmx.c denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'big brother china s social credit score infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 thunderbird elsa-2016-2850' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rebusmind we love the excitement how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dearripley is not hosted with us which means you re using the self-hosted wordpress software we have no access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft sql server 2016 and 2017 x64 august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-7042 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wordpress why we didn t tell you about a big zero-day we fixed last week infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'svblxyz lorenzofb tmobile password reset link no two factor does the rounds on forums:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'northsec 2017 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the results are still coming in sap router allows companies to allow external parties to connect to their internal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation vulnerability remote exploits vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jxmebeauty and if you re using the free wordpress software you can get help from the community here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase watch the video with benjamin arnulf director of business intelligence and analytics at hertz and learn how oracl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the android trojan pretends to be flash security update but downloads additional malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt httweets ifa 2018 dell launches chromebook inspiron vostro series of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 expat rhsa-2016:2824 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0230 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox add-on snoops on 200 000 users browsing activities the add-on was quietly removed from a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 gnupg2 cesa-2018:2181 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0498-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress disables plugins that expose e-commerce sites to attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mllelicious malwareunicorn brownteaming ouch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xkcd word puzzles' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-178 adobe flash transform matrix use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ask slashdot should you use password managers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3136-1 lxc vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom buys business software firm ca for 18.9 billion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'designed by webridges sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jdlui thanks for trying jordan we suggest reaching out to the chrome google forums for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 152920-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kennwhite if a rooted bitfi wallet playing youtube video of john mcafee explaining how it s unhackable doesn t win a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce windows privilege escalation via secure boot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eric_brachmann sometimes it is how long have you been a windows user for eric' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 10 release date features devices and free upgrade windows 10 update protected infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows vista overflow gain privileges vulnerability microsoft windows vista overflow gain privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theforester000 i agree luckily we do have a setting for that open about:config search for browser.backspace_action and set to 2 ny' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat cloudforms management engine 4.1 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t fall for the new chrome malware scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samufugu how are you liking it so far we d love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liciaxmarie thanks for the info let s try clearing the browsing data select time range as all time and then r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security joomla gps tools 4.0.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add an author s photo in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '14 most common wordpress errors and how to fix them' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt malkady proud to have hart part of linuxfoundation as a gold member' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore the pros and cons of automation and integration for your organization with lg_cyber amp sans mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haveged 1.9.4 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4172 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt firefoxdevtools firebug lives on firefoxdevtools some words on the merge of firebug devtools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vforvone music to our ears which windows features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ineedsomehelpls we love to hear that what s been your favorite windows 10 feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitjha2 currently there is no release set for windows phone but leave your suggestion here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7039 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protocol injections hit python and java subscribe now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking office loader uses macros to drop array of malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt comerford i am building a new engineering team at riot games working on our central infrastructure from the dublin office an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow ismartviewpro version 1.5 suffers from a password-related' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee researchers falsify a patient s vital signs in real-time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux kernel securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5008 blink in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for linux windows and mac and 56.0.2924.87 for androi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons what you don t seem to get incident response s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ceph opensuse-2018-541 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos windows 10 desktop bridge virtual registry cve-2018-0880 incomplete fix privilege escalation exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bartblaze edskoudis wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln php cve-2016-7131 null pointer dereference remote denial of service vulnerability ubunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 5 best alternatives for the tor browser the tor browser has become quite popular among internet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pass gets a fail simple password store suffers gnupg spoofing bug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new office 365 phishing attack uses malicious links in sharepoint documents fake emails targeting office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cupcakescutlery best place to get advice on that is the wordpress forums' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passionatelyhis hi there are you using the desktop app or a web browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_labs while investigating the wemo insight smart plug by belkin the team discovered a flaw allowing attackers to execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla races to patch bug used to attack tor browser users the post doesn t have enough text content infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spammers work up a hailstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa-linked implant patched to work on windows embedded' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tradwoman ah gotcha we suggest contacting the manufacturer to replace the screen how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux-esx linux linux-secure linux-aws photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0043 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0249-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 ttogettabledata heap buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hamsandwchwoman twitter if you go to your settings in firefox it does say it is the default browser doesn t it jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 plugin privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast 8 30 1pm et stronger security with inventory management qualys mbromileydfir sansforensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2017-0108 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches heap buffer overflow in firefox browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-148 critical security update for microsoft office 3204068 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-bounds read vu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2017-5638 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware mongodb hijackers move on to elasticsearch servers w weak or guessable passwords 600 attacked so far:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm remote-work pioneer is calling thousands of employees back to the office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3328 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apwg apwg_eu imperva incapsula_com spambot aims at targets wordpress sites in world cup-themed spam scam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security alert a17-01-02 multiple vulnerabilities in adobe flash player and adobe reader acrobat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report microsoft edge is the browser to beat way ahead of google chrome and firefox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5200 v8 in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.98 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for all you windowsinsiders out there edge just got easier on the eyes with build 17711 focus on what s importan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2008 gain privileges vulnerability microsoft windows server 2008 gain privileges vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft store brings remote app install to windows 10 with amp quot install on my devices amp quot infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 imagemagick vulnerabilities usn-3142-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display breadcrumb navigation links in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache activemq 5.x lt 5.15.5 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'golden_flipper hey there what s going on to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'petrabroyl hi petra thanks for your feedback the is due to a recent change in google chrome feel free to submi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'giniekay we re happy to hear your pc is working properly how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac don t miss us in singapore for advanced digitalforensics threathunting amp incidentresponse with kleinco 7 9' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress templatic 2.3.6 file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 cross site request forgery cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nvidia linux gpu display driver kernel mode layer denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robietrevisan thanks for the info give these steps a try go to settings on your device gt apps gt chrome gt storage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle discoverer 11.1.1.7.0 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 libvirt rhsa-2018:1929 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libxvmc opensuse-2016-1424' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'munbongo ah we completely understand thanks for getting back to us how have you been enjoying windows 10 otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'locatingstyle software we re not able to help with wordpress sites support for those can be found at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update mariadb on sl7.x x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter firefox scrambles to patch zero day actively exploiting tor browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3285 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to set up apache virtual hosts on debian 9' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook unveils delegated recovery to replace traditional password recovery methods' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just stream binge watch improve your holiday travel with up 45 more battery life than google chrome.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2017-6911 usb pratirodh insecure password storage information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle employees donated 2 000 hours to dtechhs it s good for our school good for our community and fantastic f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability kernel 4.2.3linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux security made simple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k8em0 i m going back to re-root all the turbolinux now -' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security massive oracle critical patch update fixes 270 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google analytics dashboard plugin 2.1.1 on wordpress cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt inteltechniques several changes were applied to the custom facebook search tool broken tools were repaired with new search structu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'couldubenicer hmm can you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm the version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google office inbox receives 6.2x more phishing and 4.3x more malware than your inbox at infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glibc rhsa-2018:1879 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud whenever the system keeps up with the customer s needs growth is imminent as a mondaymotivation carbon share t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft sql server clr stored procedure payload execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joe_sunga that s odd just to confirm have you also tried uninstalling the chrome updates:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosecplaya thecybersecexp dcuthbert to be fair to talktalk words i find myself choking on that was filmed in a bbc office.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewcisler fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'before that he checked another hidemyass one then he downloaded bangbros configs for sentry then started crackin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-722-1 irssi security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical glsa-201612-08 linuxcifs utils buffer overflow synopsis a vulnerability in linuxcifs utils cifscre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hereshavi thanks for doing that the feedback you provide allows us to make apps even better when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lucasbranwell hi there is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mybb thank you like 3.0.0 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox 0-day sql slammer goolian malware bypassing saml podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openssl padding oracle incomplete fix information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to change the font size in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yamilet torres founder of hola hispanic oracle leadership association acts as a role model for women and minor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7263 microsoft excel for mac 2011 and excel 2016 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 curl phsa-2018-2.0-0068 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aconncep that s fantastic how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd typo3 multiple vulnerabilities ef013039-89cd-11e8-84e9-00e04c1ea73d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daniels of the world bad news daniel is not a secure password it is a really popular password though.now t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crime fighting murdoch police officer is wa s top cop' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenaipasdenom we re happy to hear your device is running smoothly now when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lilmiss_cbw ah okay we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when you thought your code had bugs but it actually works codermode internationalcatday linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how orchestration automation help socs do more with less lt video interview w splunk s haiyan song and oliver friedr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find vulnerabilities in whatsapp that allow to spread fakenews via group' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure your enterprise with zoho vault password management software recent data breaches have taught us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mobilesecurity the road to ios sandbox escape mobilesecurity iossecurity hitbgsec slides by ranixch and zimperium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyprusmfa welcome to our new facelifted twitter account in the next few days more cyprus diplomatic missions abroad will o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pittsburgh fbi office has hand in dismantling international cybercrime network' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3110 a vulnerability was discovered in the java vm component of oracle database server supported versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the best wordpress widgets for your small business website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nyrbuzz more likely you used a very weak password or used your starbucks password somewhere else that got hacked did you reuse it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to t_toyota security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cloud nowadays is moving to be all about containers and containers absolutely wouldn t exist without linux.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5568 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'envoyoftheend thanks for doing that ian the feedback you provide allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idontgetttyd if you re using an antivirus or firewall software make sure chrome is trusted or allowed by these programs on the device.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webcast 8 23 1pm et how nta eliminates darkspace for the soc extrahop ccrowmontance sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-3302 crash in libmysqlclient.so in oracle mysql before 5.6.21 and 5.7.x before 5.7.5 and mar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3689-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 kernel 2018-b57db4753c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikeoghia hmm could you also give these steps a try open the chrome browser gt click on edit in the toolbar gt s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ridt today s netyksho et al indictment of a dozen gru officers for interference in the us election is historically unpre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts urge rapid patching of struts bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ico reveals fivefold increase in personal data breach reports the information commissioner s office ico infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cheymix777 hey there what makes you say that we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re reinventing higher education see how institutions are innovating with oracle integrated cloud products:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches heap buffer overflow in firefox browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'puppet enterprise 2015.x 2016.x lt 2016.4.0 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mirage fancy clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt madhava there is so much happening in fxtestpilot right now. get your firefox stored passwords on ios with lockbox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloud security company discovers new cyberattack targeting office 365 business email users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix issue installing hyper-v on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk national lottery data breach 26 000 accounts impacted password re-use blamed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel tcp_xmit_retransmit_queue function use after free denial of serv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms15-sep microsoft security bulletin summary for september 2015 version 4.0 revision note v4.0 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations jeffbilbro yesterday s selfie contest winner we will follow up with you to deliver your prize t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt directoryranger outlookleaktest list of uri schemes that might work in windows e.g to leak smb hashes by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews credential-stuffing attacks take enterprise systems by storm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mavictor55 thanks for the birthday wishes yves how is your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dahua hikvision iot devices under siege' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3682-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple patent paves way for iphone with full-face display hud windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehill man who marched in charlottesville with white supremacist group elected to gop office in washington state' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft com for windows privilege escalation exploit cve-2018-0824 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian lts dla-1395-1 php-horde-image security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-1328 the overlayfs implementation in the linux aka linux kernel package before 3.19.0-21.21 in ubuntu t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 pdfium denial of service vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 pdfium denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i2p 0.9.36 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'galaxygamerone hi again daniel just checking in did resetting chrome help resolve your issue keep us updated.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1530-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter splunk enterprise lt 5.0.17 6.0.13 6.1.12 6.2.13 6.3.9 6.4.5 6.5.2 or splunk light lt 6.5.2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'login passwords for tens of thousands of dahua devices have been cached inside iot search engine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protecting missiles from malware michael daly chief technology officer for cybersecurity at raytheon infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sumfowler proud to give testimony the morning about the brilliant work of my cert_division colleagues see video and transc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bkdidact for what site is the have you tried clearing your browser cache and cookies that might help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation ms16-135' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosecsherpa the is an excellent idea and a good reminder thank you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'randomsubu we re glad to have you on team windows which device do you have' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft experts launch anti-recon tool for windows 10 server 2016 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt annalecta did the white house press secretary just tweet his password i don t know about y all but i feel safe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to implement security that goes beyond the perimeter of your office 365 environment and detects internal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is wamp how to use wordpress with wamp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the guardian slammed whatsapp for security backdoor it s actually just standards encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress job manager 4.1.0 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpsbhf03673 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv6 shellcode 86' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'guard13007 hi there how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reminder microsoft will pull the plug on windows vista in two weeks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc using bro_ids logs don t always have to involve finding bad actors the clean structured and enriched bro data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcmucca the other thing you could try is disabling your browser extensions in case one of those is causing an issue.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alra3ees java deserialization misusing ojdbc for ssrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps zoneminder 1.29 1.30 cross-site scripting sql injection session fixation cross-site request' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new .net ransomware shrug2 encrypts files around 76 different extensions malware authors find easy to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday daily deals script 1.0 id parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt doomlaser all of super mario bros in one image' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3172-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fabianstolba hi fabian what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9479 the lost password functionality in b2evolution before 6.7.9 allows remote attackers t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office compatibility products june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cyber official agency cisos must find common vision infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows task scheduler alpc interface local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp for windows 10 updated with forwarding restriction to reduce fake news launched back in 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 samba4 rhsa-2018:1883' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'courtblackburn hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 prosody 2018-455803056d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brother and sister charged with hacking prominent italians' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln genixcms cve-2017-5575 sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows kernel page fault system call handling flaw lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'big shout out to all of our oraclembx sponsors looking forward to a great day 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8916 unverified password change vulnerability in change password in synology diskstation manager dsm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt omertene brazil president signs data protection act into law requires mandatory data protection officers dpos with japan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '30 of eir broadband customers exposed to cyber attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sbrown23 hey steve we re always looking for ways to improve have you shared your thoughts with us here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'delaware s chief security officer starkey honored' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dragosinc raspite is linked to symantec s excellent leafminer research what is unique and important to highlight with raspi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesocial today s inspiration comes from socrates mondaymotivation inspiration quotes socrates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sundown exploit kit now leverages on the steganography' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache struts cve-2018-11776 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us could ask visa applicants for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel dirty cow ptrace_pokedata privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamerjew gotcha let us know if it happens again how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress wp2android plugin cve-2017-1002003 arbitrary file upload vulnerability wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle secure global desktop multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cyberauthority microsoft obliquely acknowledges windows 0-day bug published on twitter microsoft bug twitter windows news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1.5m unpatched wordpress sites hacked following vulnerability disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt womenintheworld . tinabrownlm moderated a fantastic panel hosted by microsoft ceo satyanadella on how to see diversity as an oppo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. oraclesocial s lisajanetblack believes managing a great product is a bit like basketball.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smoon_lee hey simon are any new features catching your eye in the windows 10 april 2018 update we d love to hear what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a secure password for your account' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intertrust and jscrambler launch joint solution to protect mobile and javascript applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting topic bmc myit java system solutions sso' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teacupbroken hey there we appreciate your patience updates help keep your device safe and secure how is your device running now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tonybaer larry ellison characterizes oracle autonomous oltp database as serverless oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dovatlm we think so too are you a current windows user anne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter hp operations orchestration wsexecutionbridgeservice servlet java object deserialization rce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jacobrozanski fantastic let us know if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove chrome firefox' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts webkit2gtk vulnerabilities usn-3687-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'livie87 gotcha are you using windows as your os by any chance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian broadcaster blames sherlock episode leak on hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multiple accounts one window the days of opening more than one browser to be logged into more than one email o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3136-1 lxc vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives ubunt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8972 aix vios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 18.0.0.375 windows execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 18.0.0.375 windows execute c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5215 a use after free in webaudio in google chrome a use after free in webaudio in google chrom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exclyptor to clarify which version of windows are you currently working on let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5577 remote buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linuxdotcom is here to help you catch up on the busy week in tech' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4236-1 xen security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux openssh phsa-2016-0014 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t just read clear the clutter microsoft edge is the browser with distraction-free reading built in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bcrypt tor is by default configured to allow javascript no' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jzemlin welcomes microsoft to the linux foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2584 arch x86 kvm emulate.c in the linux kernel through 4.9.3 allows local users to obtain sensitive info' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 3788-2 tomcat8 regression update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on bullshit and the oath of office the lol nothing matters presidency back in 2005 princeton infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7073 a local arbitrary file modification vulnerability was identified in hpe moonshot provisioning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we released bro 2.5.4 which includes a few security fixes upgrade recommended' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weekly update 13 the week begins with the biggest of big breaches the one that finally broke the big infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nasa s hyperwall wonderwall uses virtual flash san distributed nvme san solves slow off-node access infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap rushes to patch cyber security flaws in hana' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai botnet leverages stomp protocol to power ddos attacks the linux mirai iot malware is one of the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'njoverclocked hello there we suggest trying the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 samba rhsa-2018:1860 nessus plugin id 110601 with low severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 vs fedora 28' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishers use zerofont technique to bypass office 365 protections infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat overflow in utf-8 decoder lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dcuthbert saturday nerdgasms attaching to spi flash with a logic analyser to decode data and confirm via datasheet only' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bigsips we re very glad you re enjoying your windows experience what do you use windows for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah side-channel attacking browsers through css3 features cc evonide haxonaut' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wasath0 gotcha what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drywalldreams hi you can find out more about activating windows 10 after a hardware configuration change here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patched tor browser vulnerability puts users identity at risk news roundup tor browser patches de infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac many courses at sanssecureindia align with giac certs join the pros who keep the cybersecurity industry safe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter security updates for microsoft word products july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secunia research oracle outside in vsdx use-after-free vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'millions of sap users exposed to ransomware due to gui vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to protect your whatsapp account against hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity webroot sheds light on the short sharp lifecycle of phishing websites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot search engine exposes passwords of over 30 000 vulnerable dvrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secunia research oracle outside in vsdx use-after-free vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cselectioninteractbuttonbehavior::_updatebuttonlocation use-aft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to rename the uncategorized category in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux zcat command examples for newbies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mdennedy chief privacy officer at cisco shares the company s approach to meeting the requirements of gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'q3 oracle cpu preview fewer java se patches may not mean fewer flaws the july 2018 quarterly oracle infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bauniexhussel excellent is there an ideal price range you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server 2008 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5546 local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve-2017-5546 local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'izurunyan ah okay let s have you try these tips to improve the performance of your windows device:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 networks big-ip f5 tls vulnerability k05121675 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '6 best stripe payment plugins for wordpress compared 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2018:1783-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brave browser address bar spoofing vulnerability ios android cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft power point 2016 java payload code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 openjpeg denial of service overflow vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 openjp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update spice-server on sl6.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a sysadmin s handy cheat sheet for selinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief snowden supporters petition obama ios onion browser now free bank bans whatsapp your infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'third party patch roundup november 2016 google published several chrome updates in november infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thanks to our fantastic host anita anand for kicking things off oraclembx day 2 starts now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s time to take your device security defenses to higher ground tune in to our mvision webinar tomorrow to lear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nanopool claymore dual miner apis remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scott_helme jleyden yep assuming browser support i considered including that but i have concerns orgs aren t e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ignite realtime openfire 3.7.1 cross site scripting topic ignite realtime openfire 3.7.1 cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1854-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce linux kernel buffer overflow via proc_keys_show' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 dpdk rhsa-2018:2038 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle solaris securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter week in review windows dos zero-day uncloaking tor browser users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local microsoft com for windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hackers reuse passwords to access 26 500 national lottery accounts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers at malwarebytes discovered several new browserextension threats discover how to avoid and properly r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln gigacc office os command execution and arbitrary file upload vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'decade of research shows little improvement in websites password guidance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sharing the news for all our snorty fans out there' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mysql cluster 7.3.x lt 7.3.9 general subcomponent dos january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.7.4 uaccess.h _get_user_asm_ex information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp operations orchestration wsexecutionbridgeservice servlet java object deserialization rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress ultimate product catalog 4.3.11 plugin sql injection vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi strong words from icitorgthe week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how are we making the rollout of the latest windows10 faster safer and more stable we re using ai learn how h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'advanced bus booking script 2.04 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2416-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical apache struts flaw cve-2018-11776 exploited in attacks in the hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell emc recoverpoint local root command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spinbotters fantastic which apps and features are you enjoying the most in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to block cryptojacking in the firefox browser if you re concerned about firefox being hijacked for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle advanced inbound telephony 12.1.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat s jim whitehurst on strategy and culture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liamerven music to our ears how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla os services booking 2.5.1 component sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update oracleasm kmp suse-su-2018:1503-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hong kong brokers blackmailed by hackers with ddos hongkong ddos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asitnik hi ari the is due to the recent update on chrome we suggest you to send us feedback here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component fastball 3.2.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imvalarie hi valarie if you have disabled an extension and still it is get enabled your browser may have malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we ll be at velocityconf in san jose next week stop by booth 901 to learn how oracleiaas can help solve your app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln redhat keycloak cve-2016-8609 session hijacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploit cve-2013-0657 remote exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak password topic aplikasi pembayaran angsuran admin weak passw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-147 security update for microsoft uniscribe 3204063 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john___lemon okay gotcha let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla debuts firefox extension that recommends content based on your browsing activity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9686 the puppet communications protocol pcp broker the puppet communications protocol pcp b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drummerking155 thanks for the kind words how long have you been a windows user.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need some docker help check out our list of the top 100 docker tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday my photo gallery 1.0 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws in multidots wordpress plugins expose e-commerce websites to a broad range of attacks securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 14th 2017 tue mar 14th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2958 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft enables linux desktop users to send sms text messages with latest skype alpha linux-based infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mobiketa complete mobile marketing 3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'volkwagen finally pleads guilty on dieselgate charges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what s up with whatsapp s fake messages infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qubes os r2 rc2 debian template ssled wiki badusb and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to gn3mes1s coveros deobfuscated wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2018-157-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manuelbieh hi manuel we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for more help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrcarleeezy hey there why do you feel the way about windows perhaps we can help make your experience better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the uncrackable problem of end-to-end encryption the government wants a backdoor into whatsapp but that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security advisory updates for june 12 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcgrewsecurity ads on cnn on iphone completely redirect the browser to amazon gift card scams.the whole business model of allo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin hpsbux03665 rev.3 hp-ux tomcat-based servlet engine remote denial of service dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. bbctech reflects on the recent big microsoft amp linux foundation news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq re oss-security docker 1.12.6 security advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'half of uae users fail to password-protect mobile devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14581 redgate .net reflector before 10.0.7.774 and smartassembly before 6.12.5 allow attackers to execute' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uncovering cross-process injection with windows defender atp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'techbymatt that s what we love to hear we d love to know which new features have caught your eye in windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'docker 1.11.2 forged vxlan packet service detection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fibromyawesome hi there what is the address to your site and i can take a look and check your settings on likes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control vulnera 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update postgresql96 opensuse-2018-638' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ops the doublepulsar nsa-linked implant now works also on windows embedded devices securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ocr software firm abbyy leaks 203 000 customer documents in mongodb server snafu tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trenthamfolk hi daniel have you tried the steps in the article to fix chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'genglampers sarahjeong nah broseph fuck you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'information disclosure dos flaws patched in apache tomcat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 11 webpage obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arabesquedoll hi gabriel we d like to look into the could you tell us more info about your issue also does the only happen on chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8650 null pointer deference local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samborden in most cases you ll need to purchase office separately but check out the hp stream thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atobe_draws okay thanks which version of windows 10 are you currently running we d like to get the sorted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 webkit cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn walkthrough of cve-2016-7255 privesc with working poc for windows 7 8.1 10 and 2012 r2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache tomcat 6.0 gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update phpmyadmin opensuse-2017-198' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'same fate befalls post office broadband as hit dt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'word on the street new apple os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behold the iot-enabled electric scooter oraclecloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 git rhsa-2018:1957 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity news in brief us might require social media passwords bbm opens to developers uber rapped infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tanmayg windows defender url submission page now supports bulk submissionsenterprise customers sign in with an azure ad' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kali linux 2018.3 released with number of new tools for security assessments' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin 4.8.x lt 4.8.2 vulnerability pmasa-2018-4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. jlwallen there is 1 thing to understand about updating linux not every distro handles it the same way' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber attack struck down talk talk and post office routers thousands of talk talk and post office infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tqbf the is so excellent several japanese unicode characters are meaningless transcribed by mistake and we re stuck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt offsectraining attacking wpa enterprise with kali linux new patches for hostapd-wpe and freeradius-wpe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sans internet storm center why firewalls are not recommended for securing scada systems techrepubli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4338826 windows 10 version 1703 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s a ton of things organisations need help with we haven t nailed yet ics sap making security controls eas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-10 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to password protect your wordpress admin directory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt christiaanbeek why cryptocurrency mining malware is the new ransomware mcafee_labs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech classifieds script 7.27 scat parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nyasirwa thanks for your excitement kennedy how have you been enjoying your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news java and python ftp attacks can punch holes through firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1539-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet forticlient 5.2.3 windows 10 x64 creators local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2957 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 java-1.8.0-ibm rhsa-2018:1975' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '10 things you should do when inheriting a wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer object memory handling and validation flaws let remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'curiousappetite hi i ve replied to the forum thread did you see my note there' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player for mac lt 29.0.0.171 apsb18-19' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools multiple remote security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papers mysql out-of-band hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp users beware bank details now being stolen via links sent to you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you may want to update your browser in the next 9 days infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dvlessard had an exceptional week at gordonconf cell biology of the neuron many days of cutting-edge science excellent dis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to upload images in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9680 citrix provisioning services before 7.12 allows attackers to obtain sensitive informati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mopman jaxxai .com .org and .net do' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox 52 is the last version of firefox for windows xp and vista' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'travel portal script 9.37 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office powerpoint 2010 mso oart heap out-of-bounds access exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa netwitness platform server-side template injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4230-1 redis security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to linuxaria virtinapro ramamoort security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ndevilliers oraclegrads celebrated the end of their internship year today many go on to stay with us while others move forwa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft combats bad passwords with new azure tools microsoft the week announced the public preview of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:1854 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle patches record 334 vulnerabilities in july 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts openjdk-6 vulnerabilities usn-3154-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd chicken multiple vulnerabilities 5a771686-9e33-11e8-8b2d-9cf7a8059466 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you have a foscam ip-based camera if so you need to update it asap the company has released a patch to prote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3748-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aka_aiyana fantastic to get started with windows 10 check the out hope the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brave brave browser s hamburger menu serves tor onion routing theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sap_aws our saponaws business case was achieved and then some we more than doubled sap performance at less than half th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown exploring new marketing mediums to drive better engagement' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet security researcher discovers two critical vulnerabilities in adobe flash player fortinet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser torbrowser 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wpsuperstars darryl_macleod jainsudhir wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thatprogrammerr hello we re always looking for ways to improve the windows experience can you share more here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikevromen not a bad idea how have you been enjoying your windows experience lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-178 adobe flash transform matrix use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uisgcon 14 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt omespino writeup telegram bugbounty whatsapp n a blind xss stored ios in messengers twins who really care about your s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jredroso visit us next week at iot week in bilbao atoses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk interior minister calls for end to whatsapp hiding place for terror suspects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity wordpress content injection flaw abused in defacement campaigns infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security byp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gebeilym us tells south syria rebels not to count on them to intervene if army attacks in other words they are saying y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom surprises many with ca technologies acquisition how does that fit chipmaker shocks the markets infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress copy-me 1.0.0 cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpldapadmin 1.2.2 ldap injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7219 the crypto driver in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and r2 sp1 w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 2.5 remote code execution apache versions 2.3 up to 2.3.34 and 2.5 up to 2.5.16 remote code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pwc ace software for sap security 8.10.304 abap injection advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker reveals easiest way to hijack privileged windows user session without password the hacker news infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iam_joshd aircanada what did ac previously use for passwords hopefully not pins but my guess is someone has bee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 amp 039 inode amp 039 integer overflow 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wave of food fraud reported at uk s deliveroo service bbc watchdog a consumer protection television infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check out our list of the top docker and kubernetes networking tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache struts 2.x remote code execution vulnerability cve-2018-11776 remote exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oktasihotang hi i would suggest posting to the multisite wordpress support forum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ttvbumpaah hi there how did the build go we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off soliloquy premium wordpress slider plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4278-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'report flash and internet explorer vulnerabilities dominate exploit kit landscape' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings c.i.a officer-turned-candidate says pac obtained her security application' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-12828 unspecified privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows10 tip turn the holidays up with microsoft groove amp keep it fresh with 31 days of playlists:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'break silos and respond to threats faster 8 29 1pm et infoblox john_pescatore sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 5 kernel cesa-2016:2962' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s poor reply to open letter on windows 10 update experiences' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fredricmonsanto we re glad it was successful are you enjoying any features in the windows 10 april 2018 update at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed the cve-2018-5002 flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks in the middle east securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt officeofcraig these infrared images of wwii bunkers by _lyndalaird are wonderful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux linux-gke linux-raspi2 linux-snapdragon vulnerability usn-3220-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter singtel backdoor detection forgotdoor nessus plugin id 110271 with high severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to bsamarketing sqlscotsman dalerapp wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cancelled my uber because there were 3 people outside the law office fighting over a parking spot which is way mor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joesales hmmm can you send us a note to help wordpress.com and we can take a closer look at the account.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pulplibrarian another popular pastime was finding numbers that spelt rude words if the calculator was turned upside down the sam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt flyryan the cia leaker apparently didn t know that password reuse is never a good idea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1464-1 postgresql-9.4 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter w3c high resolution time api javascript privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security update cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pettifersteve we re glad you think so steve are you a current windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'movie portal script 7.35 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2018-5002 stack buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the control points for security are constantly changing learn how mvision helps your systems adapt to these new e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'telegram desktop 0.10.1 dll hijacking packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our new fingerprint mouse makes it easier to login without remembering complicated passwords and it ensures safety' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'birderchris hmm does the happen only in chrome try disabling your extensions one by one amp check any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee from the boardroom to your favorite coffeehouse mvision mobile protects you and eliminates the mobile blind s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec torbrowser firefox remote fbi s exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mharrist prepping for nationaldogday and the start of college football season life is pretty darned sweet oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt coolstarorg for those asking the iphone x i bought in-store came on 11.3 not 11.3.1 i brought my laptop and updated it while i was in the store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cmarkup::remove pointer pos use-after-free ms13-055' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_bentleys hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft is making windows 10 security easier infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1975-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hordak82 awesome thanks for being a loyal windows insider' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tariff war of words with china resulting in cyberattacks against the u.s l stealthcarelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-70 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcomangiante we re glad you think so marco how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is an admin area in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to 0pensource ruggerotonelli stopmalvertisin wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'worst of both words gorgon hackers practice both general cybercrime and targeted government attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hyper focused iphone hacking campaign using mdm software is broader than previously known' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kminx we re glad you re enjoying windows spotlight images have any other apps or features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update php7 opensuse-2017-61' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hkhalil91 hi hana what happens when you try to search using google chrome is there an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kapustkiy sqli found in a bank cyberzeist2 something for you bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows rt 8.1 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'automating cyber threat intelligence with skyatp part two with splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 jboss eap rhsa-2017:0246 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel vfio driver cve-2016-9084 integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dragosr more dcom shellbrowserwindows and shellwindows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jgamblin malboxes builds malware analysis windows vms so that you don t have to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft exec urges linux developers to try windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brostirling47 install the updated version to help fix any stability issues csk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity bristol county da s office goes high tech with new digital forensics lab forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 4.6.4 overflow gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvision managing device security in the sunshine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to block a wordpress user without deleting their account' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kinsey s infor-lawson sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'analysis finds high-risk vulnerabilities in four popular wordpress e-commerce plug-ins l wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast security now mp3 sn 595 what s up with whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unprotected mongodb installations child s play for hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack the isbuzz post the post talk talk and post infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benzojones how interesting could you share the make and model of your windows device we d like to take a deeper look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'byronleroysa we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1532-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oaklandelle thegrugq two seconds flat seems like a poor choice of words for describing ludicrously expensive robot tires' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ragnarlodbrok45 devil worshipper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brandatol3690 right on how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xxdewmanxx of course it counts are any windows features or apps helping you stay productive while you work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monilala how interesting could you share a few more details about the make and model of your windows pc we d like to take a deeper look.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-624 adobe flash player regexp prune stack-based buffer overflow remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201612-25 cracklib buffer overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'khan_nkhan767 wow thank you for the kind words which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wordher serverfault artem_i_baranov wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6353 incomplete fix local denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1443-1 evolution-data-server security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robzapalski hi robert how are things running for you after the update we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3728-1 firefox-esr security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update tiff opensuse-2016-1425' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cubickay what an awesome throwback are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4250-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.2 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akbuilder a builder for exploit-laden word documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beaniepipbooks oh it might be worth visiting your site in a browser to check whether you can see a draft version of the post there.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 3.x strict page permission handler arch arm64 kernel sys.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6968 the vmware airwatch agent for android prior to 8.2 and airwatch agent for windows mobil' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5181 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off themify premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday cost less than 1.32 per theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why red hat is happy to have others make billions on its open source dime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beck_mim hi miriam we d like to look into the what happens when you try to play videos on chrome do you see an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2162 spectre nessus plugin id 110995 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers reportedly use punycode to bypass office 365 phishing filters microsoft denies story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tstout97 hi tommy what happens when you try loading websites on google chrome do you see an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why a dedicated password manager beats your browser every time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl6.x i386 x86_64 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cert to microsoft don t kill emet windows 10 will be less secure without it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-2164 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8247 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when office web apps server 2013 and offi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords patches and backup three easy tips in our facebook live video sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mikebrandesav hey mike be sure to check out dictation it s available with the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pradsahoo ah understood we re constantly working to refine windows updates make sure to log your experience wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn dockerscan a docker security analysis suite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings github browsh-org browsh a fully-modern text-based browser rendering to tty and browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity whatsapp encounters security flaw risks and solutions infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hnnycrsstm we re glad to hear it which apps and features are you enjoying the most in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2051-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local microsoft com for windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update monit opensuse-2016-1339 poodle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-174 adobe flash as2 removeclip opcode use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to gn3mes1s bonafidestudio kai920 wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saskatcheben hi benjamin chrome supports irish language can you double-check by reloading the page keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla my msg 3.2.1 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mryiff gossithedog oops looks like another npm package got compromised via a dev using a weak reused password and no 2fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ryanplee007 hi again ryan just checking in did uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome help resolve your issue keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out why peter lefkowitz of citrix believes the global privacy landscape is changing as a result of the gdpr.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking ubuntu linux distro exploiting the crashdb code injection ubuntu linux hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-15528 reflected cross-site scripting exists in the java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one in five of us may hear flashes of light' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter virally growing attacks on unpatched wordpress sites affects 2m pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 libvirt alas-2018-1049 spectre nessus plugin id 111336 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for june 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6116 ibm tivoli key lifecycle manager 2.5 and 2.6 could allow a remote attacker to obtain sensitive infor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter javascript-based aslr bypass attack simplifies browser exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adelemb you re welcome let s try clearing the browser cache amp cookies select time range as all time and then' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian linux motd update script unsafe temporary file usage lets local users deny service and gain ele' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten dangoodin001 they are one would assume less likely to install it if they don t really want to in other words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp latest news amp updates hackers sending corrupt excel amp word files to procure banking details' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows hot new windows10 devices from mwc2017 fantastic beasts hits the windowsstore and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to accept payments with stripe in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dare we say that a digital pen and microsoft word makes resume editing fun try it for yourself and see:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity hey homeland security don t you dare demand twitter facebook passwords at the border infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fusermount restriction bypass packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nintendo switch has reportedly been hacked using old browser exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glink word link script 1.2.3 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rbd_zero sounds like you re staying organized are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network why whatsapp s backdoor isn t a backdoor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-16349 an exploitable xml external entity vulnerability exists in the reporting functionality of sap bpc a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 mergeligrecords memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shergarden for help with a self hosted wordpress site you ll want to post in their forums at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai malware now targeting windows the isbuzz post the post mirai malware now targeting windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thekaybz at a restaurant today:kev what is your wifi password server well today is only my first day at the location' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nidesoft mp3 converter 2.6.18 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tutorial how to emulate kubernetes pods on dockerswarm by rycus86' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mcafee releases security bulletin for virus scan enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting wordpress strong testimonials plugin version 2.31.4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner identifies 12 steps to excellence in applying ai for it operations gartnerio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to osvaldo_hp 0pensource wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component appointments for jomsocial 3.8.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper only the dead have seen the end of twitter.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john_sipher vpkivimaki long version here whatsapp didn t delete messages pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adblocking and browser privacy can be bypassed researchers find virtually every desktop browser and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec bonza digital cart script 1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt whatisdotcom word of the day application whitelisting malware cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking malware allows bad guys to lock reset phone passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wordpressdotcom wordpress 4.7.3 is out to fix 6 security issues but csrf flaw remains' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash avc header slicing heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues patch for actively exploited flash player zero-day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mutt updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'staying wary of cyber attacks shows vision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 kernel elsa-2018-1965 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thepragmaticdev we re happy to have you on team windows dominique' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2935 apsb17-02 adobe flash player heap overflow remote code execution iv mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1.5m unpatched wordpress sites hacked following vulnerability disclosure threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'janikatoryt awesome how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vasudevg thanks for your longtime support what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sextortion scam knows your password but don t fall for it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 to get new inprivate desktop security feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new campaign possibly linked to muddywater a newly discovered attack relying on malicious word documents infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas come try pre-configured solutions running on oracle iaas for free the symantec demo lab shows you how you can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability spoltlight multiple vulnerabilities in the aerospike nosql database server infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps netman 204 backdoor account password reset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14939 the get_app_path function in desktop unx source start.c in libreoffice through 6.0.5 mishandles the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nork hackers lazarus brought back to life by applejeus to infect macs for the first time theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 security update podofo suse-su-2018:2481-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical glsa-201611-18 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities synopsis multiple vulnerabilities have be' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'real design sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2018-0232 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter critical ms17-005 security update for adobe flash player 4010250' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-5178 a buffer overflow was found during utf8 to unicode string conversion within javascript w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows update issues may be at root of february s patch delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '90 of businesses fear employee passwords will compromise their networks bitdefender' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dlynnesampson do i want to play with my toy or get my tummy scratched my life is full of hard choices oracle netsuite' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2018-8034 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'barracuda adc 5.x client-side script insertion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps social news and bookmarking script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2428-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jason jack elonmusk naval twittersupport also searching for popular keywords returns malware and scams like' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gcluley adobe flash provides six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016 via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to mvallejo350 wploop wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt darkp0rt congratulations officialmcafee bitfi6 pwnies blackhatusa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thecatboxblog hi there you can find more info about activation in windows 10 here let us know if the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pixelgrid_io we appreciate the love arshjyot which windows features are you enjoying the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '1001knits1 are you using the browser on your phone or the wordpress app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache storm cve-2018-1332 user impersonation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla thunderbird lt 52.9 multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 111044 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability topic wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4287903 security update for adobe flash player june 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pale moon browser use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of service vulnerability openlinux sunos windows nt hp-ux denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an overview of malware self-defense and protection by thomas roccia mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx235748' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'major websites still fail to steer users towards better passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3674-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i haven t come across an isjailbroken routine that would detect rebirth in case you are like me auditing ios m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'as spotted by 0x736a superdrug are directing people to change their passwords which isn t working' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings new wave of hailstorm spam pelts inboxes threatpost th see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix xenserver multiple vulnerabilities ctx235748' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 build 17134.137 is now available download offline installers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking chrome to look more awesome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook buys data from third-party brokers to fill in user profiles' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '18 best wordpress restaurant themes for your cafe 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theheadsoffice if you mean for a newsletter it would depend on what newsletter service plugin you are using for wh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco nx-os cisco fabric services multiple vulnerabilities. nessus plugin id 110687 with critical severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faultybutton she can do quite a lot what kind of work do you use windows for most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _qaz_qaz reversing a brief overview of the ammyy rat windows rat malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bagatela1983 hi there the site is up for us if you ve forgotten your password or username see' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-016 security update for windows iis 4013074' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'milescreations fantastic be sure to check out all the amazing new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a vulnerability in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3739-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6074 a new 11-year old linux kernel flaw discovered' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jepaynemsft windows event id 4624 displays a numerical value for the type of login that was attempted these numbers are import' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'richardpell4 how odd have you already checked out these recovery options in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers to try selling off stolen security exploits after auction fails infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nikthegeek hi nik you can turn off helpful hints like those in your win10 settings gt system gt notifications gt get tips tricks pm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'multi outlets pos 3.1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-0335 a vulnerability in the web portal authentication process of cisco prime collaboration provisioning co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new netspectre can attack amp exfiltrate over network without code on victim machine or malicious javascript clicks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to malcaresecurity anish2good tinolle1955 linux security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'full house at the oraclesca booth at startupgrind silicon valley' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft internet explorer jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption ms15' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.1 binary release tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux-azure vulnerabilities usn-3678-3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'godwinlukeuy43 thanks for the kind words which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiffanieevu we d be thrilled to help you find your next device in fact you can transfer your office license to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln sap netweaver xml external entity information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s edge to flush adobe flash in windows 10 creator s update it looks like you re trying to run infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows scf file feature bypass microsoft windows suffers from an scf open file security warning' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mattfriedly we re glad you re enjoying windows defender matt how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update samba suse-su-2016:3298-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps pet listing script 3.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swithak androidwindows foxteh deeply and google only translate the first n wor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'swampystorm445 hmm interesting could you share the make and model of your pc we d like to take a deeper look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'harielle96 that s amazing have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bogdimus_prime wow what a throwback we appreciate your loyal support what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lauramoscrop hmm that s odd can you create a new chrome profile and check if the issue still persists' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the is probably the biggest issue with bgp there are government backed cas in all major browsers and os it poten' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixed a slew of critical vulnerabilities in its flash player and acrobat products as part of patchtuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaudni hey christian is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn win-portfwd powershell script to setup windows port forwarding using native netsh client' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s to 1 096 2016 leap year days of getting it done happy 3rd birthday to windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday adobe flash movieclip attach init object use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update libcares2 opensuse-2016-1373' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 krb5 phsa-2018-1.0-0177 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-19 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to exclude specific pages authors and more from wordpress search' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress redirection 2.7.3 remote file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insecurphangirl how exciting which features are you excited to try out on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seantmalone zero context is right coming to an unknown bro s aid doubting the whole thing my punishment for gr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for july 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'grr 3.2.3.0 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln nessus cve-2016-9260 html injection vulnerability nessus cve-2016-9260 html injection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft .net multiple flaws let remote users execute arbitrary code and local users bypass security and gain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why andythurai is betting on oracle cloud infrastructure: integrity culture vision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows doubleagent attack turns av tools into malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeremiahg vessonsecurity sentinelone pfirstbrook sentinel didn t admit it was a legal mistake however sentine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'over 65.3m linkedin users have weak passwords the rest can be easily cracked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn a reliable exploit for cve-2018-11776 struts st2-057 is released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel-alt rhsa-2018:1967 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'charminroaduser hi there have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you use task rabbit better change your password as security breach is being investigated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wine 2.0 stable released install it in ubuntu or linux mint' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress responsive thumbnail slider arbitrary file upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux rc.local payload persistence module exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix common image issues in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowsinsiders lend me your for preview build 17686' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle commerce platform cve-2017-3296 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how machine learning techniques helped us find massive certificate abuse by browsefox trendmicro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you do have something with default credentials reboot it and change the passwords immediately gmillard' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress plugin chained quiz lt 1.0.8 unauthenticated sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archerjoe that s fantastic joe have you checked out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap as java p4 servercore getclientstatistic information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sophos having a potential mass false positive issue dnsapi.dll is detecting as mal generic since a few hours ago' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cornellholland please reach out to passwordhelp wordpress.com or use the form at to prove' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tripwireinc credential stuffing list containing 111 million records found online via dmbisson databreach password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'killerqueen293 hi there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla thunderbird lt 52.9 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus plugin id 111043 with high severit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegrugq pwnallthethings nae it s still a supported feature in office 365 and office 2016 you can embed movies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10153 local denial of service vulnerability kernel cve-2016-10153 local denial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a flash zero day a dna site breach and more security news the week infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 mujs zathura-pdf-mupdf 2016-4cf3e3f488 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3576 improper validation of array index in wifi driver function sapinterferencerssicount le' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5192 blink in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for windows missed a cors check on redirect in texttrac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when do you really need managed wordpress hosting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce wordpress caldera forms cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update microcode_ctl suse-su-2018:1759-1 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple-sa-2018-06-01-3 icloud for windows 7.5 fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our top picks for docker amp k8s networking tools coreos projectcalico weaveworks bigswitch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schumatt hi matt how did the install go we would love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'internet engineering task force releases the final version of tls 1.3 newest chrome and firefox versions already s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-1502 netapp snapcenter server 1.0 and 1.0p1 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'batman5300 googlechrome mozilla google welcome to our community mr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens industrial warns customers of new meltdown spectre variants ics scada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla s first internet health report tackles security privacy mozilla released its first internet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4254-1 slurm-llnl security update nessus plugin id 111316 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e3i5 great ipcoffice is writing more about how oversight is done and the internal nuts and bolts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter viral image sharing script search.php term sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ericwaidkelly sounds like a great idea to us we re here if you have any questions about upgrading to windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt angealbertini my child is 9.he stole a password then impersonated someone online.we had a don t hack without permission talk.too early or too late' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt williampomoss 4 6 of the oracle sports marketing team enjoying the global employee summit from oracle sf great stuff' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tcleveland4real pwnallthethings to restore you only need the apple id password and control of the phone number' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3142-1 imagemagick vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-149 important security update for microsoft windows 3205655 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2949 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how zscaler is optimizing office 365 to remove the burden from firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component jsp store locator 2.2 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 jasper 2018-e6df7fcf75 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'police officer says convicted hackers should wear wi-fi jammers around the ankle uk s chief infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter citrix xenserver local memory disclosure vulnerability ctx235225 nessus plugin id 110265 with low s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to remove malware from the google chrome missing hoefler font hack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp telegram users susceptible to hack check point' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking logmeonce password management suite premium 5.2 packs an amazing feature set now supports passwordless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the chinese spy or a dupe in the senator s office much has been made about the presence of a chinese infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elasticsearch ransomware attacks now number in the thousands the post doesn t have enough text content infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update ghostscript on sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0025-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to come to the us be prepared to hand over your passwords theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brodanoel sorry for the delayed response our support team can troubleshoot and look into it at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5573 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-nov microsoft security bulletin summary for november 2016 version 1.1 revision note v1.1 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4271-1 samba security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln bmc remedy action request system cve-2016-2349 password reset security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday march 23rd 2017 thu mar 23rd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x64 reverse ::1:1337 tcp ipv6 password pwnd shellcode 115 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andymosley46 chrome remember s your favorite and frequently visited websites once you login to google chrome afte' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'operation rosehub patches java vulnerabilities in open source projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt houseofcommons house of commons approves the privilege motion on commonscms and dominic cummings without a division the motion c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledevs oraclecode interview iteration1 on microservices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wondercms 0.9.8 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin ithemes security lt 7.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spprogramm okay gotcha we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive oracle critical patch update fixes 270 vulnerabilities oracle has released the first critical infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thomas_violence i love little cultural differences like how americans are super offended by the word cunt but here in australia we' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business client unspecified security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec microsoft windows 10 dos smbv3 tree connect poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization remote code execution exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'army cyber command brings on first direct-commissioned officers the first successful recruits of a pilot infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to matt_zeus naveens16 appsaloon wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'toyota powers thousands of european showrooms with chrome digital signage editor s note today we hear infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud with oracle technology carbon is transforming data into a shoe learn more here bigdata machinelearning ai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomaskroes the is an error that sometimes happens on wordpress sites both and self-hoste' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter job vacancy script search.php term sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla component onispetitions 2.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after a decade of silence the computer worm is back and researchers don t know why sql slammer worm infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'middlebury names vijay menta as its new chief information officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-6796 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deft linux forensic operating system is kicking off 2017 with new zero edition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft authorization manager 6.1.7601 xxe injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update aubio opensuse-2018-652 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2010-5328 include linux init_task.h in the linux kernel include linux init_task.h in the linux kerne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk in terms of delivering public cloud infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8822 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get long term protection for your router and update your password after you reboot to ensure safety short vide' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings stealing passwords from mcdonald s users tijme gommers see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'july patch tuesday adobe update covers more than 100 vulnerabilities l flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt j00ru new blog post exploiting a windows 10 pagedpool off-by-one overflow wctf 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 samba4 cesa-2018:1883 nessus plugin id 110649 with low severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ruggerotonelli woocommerce wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lee_holmes sweet the windows server 2019 preview is up on the azure gallery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timhamiltonyyc hi tim have you tried closing all your open tabs and reopening chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 xmlrpc3 rhsa-2018:1779 nessus plugin id 110280 with high severity synopsis the remote red' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption details november i plan to release detail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collisionbend to clarify which version of windows are you using at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'betting giant betvictor leaked a list of its own internal systems passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deploying windows server update services in domain environment and using group policies on windows server infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asiahitgroup gang again sneaks billing-fraud apps onto google play by carlos castillo mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 webkit denial of service vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 webkit denial of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp denies it has backdoor for decrypting messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln joomla aweb cart watching system extension cve-2016-10114 multiple sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-152 important security update for windows kernel 3199709 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update shadow suse-su-2018:1997-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap enterprise portal styleservice cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd zziplib multiple vulnerabilities 7764b219-8148-11e8-aa4d-000e0cd7b374 nessus plugin id 110969 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel ack challenge infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4225-1 openjdk-7 security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chandannotes hi chandan could you check your location settings in chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the oraclecloud fleet has touched down in san francisco open to all googlenext18 attendees follow us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer 9 10 11 buffer overflow cve-2016-7279' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2015-8963 use after free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft details enterprise features in windows 10 creators update microsoft today is announcing new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian intelligence officers indicted for dnc hack russian intelligence officers indicted for dnc hack infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0xb105f00d ravagiing jayynecobb all computers are broken by design they are all supplied with faults from the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-123 important security update for windows kernel-mode drivers 3192892 version 2.0 severity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wolfsktv we re happy to hear everything went well how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doubleagent attack uses built-in windows tool to hijack applications' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lindsaygellman many of the networked medical devices in hospitals and doctors offices are vulnerable to hacking i wrote about th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find vulnerabilities in whatsapp that allow to spread fake news via group chats whatsapp has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thecyberdevil right on how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oversoftnl as i said shortly after mcafee and his people made the ludicrous unhackable claims bullshit talks money walks.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rogers netsec wanna get away generals password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haboobcon sandstorm village is open for business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowstip brighter more vivid colors could be hiding inside your windows10 pc learn how to activate hdr video' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security 100 000 wordpress webpages defaced as recently patched vulnerability is exploited infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-23 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nwh_shadow jordan gov sqli vuln kapustkiy securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'antisnatchor metlstorm you all good with yubico you hug it out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our final keynote the morning at ossummit is preethi kasireddy founder amp chief executive officer trustory in co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'digital whisper electronic magazine 78 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seig scada system 9 remote code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joeldurston send an update if the issue happens from other connections you could also try a different web browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kamgee_magana hello what s going on to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 3.0.1 denial of service gain privileges memory corruption vulnerability home ask the team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory blueman updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lecoeursec we re glad you re a fan kristijan how have you been enjoying windows 10 overall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox esr lt 60.1 multiple vulnerabilities macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tsmc says variant of wannacry virus brought down its plants zdnet ldignan wannacry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability linux kernel usbhid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'g suite self-service password resets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-2444 sap businessobjects financial consolidation versions 10.0 10.1 does not sufficiently encode user-c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt verge chrome os isn t ready for tablets yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symfony remote information disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service poc exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlanta attorney s office gets cybercrime unit new cell created after arrest and extradition of two infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to serverfault anish2good security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews new php exploitation technique could leave thousand of websites at risk of hacking including wordpress blogs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the openstack administration course tutorial explains the lab environment setup and offers sample questions:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation the activator for desktop br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'every upcoming chromebook will run android apps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 1607 gold gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft internet explorer cve-2018-8373 remote memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday job portal script 3.0 cross site scripting sql injection vulnerabilities 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'creative management system cms lite 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. dailymotionusa hack leaks emails passwords of 87m users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iammoritz that has definitely been the case thanks for helping spread the word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14611 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some say biscuits the office assistant s interest picks up on words other than the gdpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zumaetav we re happy to hear it which new apps and features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the mome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exiledvictorian we re glad to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'huawei picks suse for assault on unix big iron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2941 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 memcached rhsa-2016:2819' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is it time for the us gov to stop using adobe flash senator ronwyden tells dhsgov usnistgov and nsagov by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla magazine the story of a mouse and website security in everyday wording via joomla' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'listen to kat_brock of clarotyltd present a case study on the development of a soc run by a prominent offshore dr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5000 adobe flash player versions 29.0.0.171 and earlier have an integer overflow vulnerability successful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter nvizion cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft offers new azure ad tool to nix easily guessed passwords helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where does the quest for knowledge transform into chasing your own tail good question jonmichaelbrook has the an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explore it sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter securityfocus vulnerabilities vuln linux kernel ip_sockglue.c denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'designed by ossis sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1523-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to password protect your wordpress without user registration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch now wordpress fixes reflected cross-site scripting cross-site request forgery bugs in tooltipy plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'veeam backup v2 for microsoft office 365 delivers data protection and recovery veeam software released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'akbuilder is the latest exploit kit to target word documents spread malware nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update php7 opensuse-2018-708' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'esxi 5.5 6.0 6.5 6.7 speculative execution side channel vulnerability foreshadow vmsa-2018-0020 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap netweaver application server java remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress contact form maker 1.12.20 xss csrf sql injection wordpress contact form maker plugin v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gestudia oracle global employee summit technology reimagined oraclecloud thomas kurian oraclechanginglives' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.12 virt kvm kvm_main.c kvm_ioctl_create_device denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component onismusic 2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana cockpit cross site scripting vulnerability statementcopyright 2010 securityfocus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking wordpress content injection flaw makes xss bug more severe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chubailiang china s former internet overlord lu wei indicted on charges of taking bribes including during his time as office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tnt_sketti we re hyped you re running windows what are the specs of your build we d love to see a picture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gleez cms 1.2.0 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intel officers charged of hacking into u.s. democrats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365 protections securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 openjdk openjre pycrypto python3 phsa-2017-0026 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache subversion cve-2016-8734 xml external entity denial of service vulnerability ent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vtiger crm 6.3.0 authenticated logo upload remote command execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twiilightkey that s amazing which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:2388 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce tenable nessus cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity mcafee epolicy orchestrator now available on aws mcafee awscloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'n1ghtmar3cs wow that s impressive how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'effendid hello there what s happening to make you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'struts cve-2018-11776 exploit public publisher malware at commands podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-149 important security update for microsoft windows 3205655 version 1.0 inf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows escalate uac protection bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln suse opensuse build service cve-2018-12466 security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google play yanks android apps carrying windows malware a total of 45 different android apps were infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'select your college script 2.01 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to increase the maximum file upload size in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt polartoffee not sure the orcus rat has enough stub running stealing your passwords and slowing your computer down.e1f8c96a9f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 curl alas-2018-1029 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mfrizzell85 hey mike we suggest trying the windows update troubleshooter inform us of the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9083 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 allows local users to bypass integer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities b950a83b-789e-11e8-8545-d8cb8abf62dd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco prime collaboration provisioning password change validation flaw lets remote authenticated users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive wordpress redirect campaign spotted targeting tagdiv themes and ultimate member' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical usn-3146-1 linux kernel vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its der' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec dramanetwork sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quiteofftopic can you try uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft july security updates mostly browser-related' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yugiohfan2016 wow thanks for the love what are a few of your favorite windows features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4233-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief us might require social media passwords bbm opens to developers uber rapped' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter unpatched windows vulnerability disclosed by project zero' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress joomla and magento continue to be the most hacked cmss' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 denial of service qnap qvr client version 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0006' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201808-03 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting topic wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with new haveibeenpwned integration firefox and 1password users will be able to learn if their email addresses h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 sparc 150400-62 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rockcyberllc our ceo s rocklambros cloudsa colorado talk is the tuesday 6 19 iot and the cloud is no spelled no the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 patch cesa-2018:1200' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking shadowbrokers nsa windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11776 new critical struts flaw could be worse than equifax vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows photoshop elements 15 savings halo 5 forge for free amp more windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 apache binutils phsa-2018-1.0-0154 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ucancode remote code execution denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5597 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel devs patch bugs ideal for ddos attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'daniplaystube wow you re too kind thanks for sharing these with us how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft skype for business and microsoft lync july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redefining security with blockchain blockchain identity cryptocurrency by citrix csio stan black' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popup by supsystic plugin 1.7.6 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows smb 0-day risk downplayed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism my goal wasn t to review the techniques of elevating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eff we re hiring join a workplace with: excellent benefits including student loan and housing cost assistance a d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an insecure platform whatsapp can read user s secure messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce tenable nessus cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2596 the nested_vmx_check_vmptr function in arch x86 kvm vmx.c in the linux kernel through 4.9.8 improper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe acrobat extension for chrome cve-2017-2929 cross site scripting vulnerability adobe acrobat infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2995 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'air canada app breached check your mail and change that password even if they tell you that you dodged that one' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache http server cve-2016-5387 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark memory disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'doughouseoflove hi there we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3137-1 moinmoin vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivativ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rene_venturah it is important that you have done it change the password on every website where you use the same credentials.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql cluster 7.4.x lt 7.4.13 multiple vulnerabilities january 2017 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome os local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off themify premium wordpress themes use coupon blackfriday cost less than 1.32 per theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rosysparkles happen as the comment form does not contain any field that would ask your browser for address details.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abhinavagarwal glad to hear everything s working properly now are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9260 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired adobe flash player 10.0.45.2 and air 1.5.3.9130 multiple remote vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'homerj79 pretty cool right are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment we d love to know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter school management software 2.75 notice-edit.php aid sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer mysterious rakos botnet rises in the shadows by targeting linux servers iot devices by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2022' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 mergeligrecords memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with your phone app microsoft has released windows 10 build infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0517-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft is making the windows command line a lot better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netripper added support for chrome 67 32 and 64 bits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oneyoungpilgrim hi shraddha have you recently opened chrome from an old computer that was logged into the same chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 rmi registry unicastref object java deserialization remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt imcdnzl i see a few warnings circulate about time to patch linux kernels cve-2018-5390' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt devzter grc is outdated and broken johnwheeler gartnersec integratedriskmanagement intellicta techdemocracy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaw in google home and chromecast devices reveals user location infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'palo alto pan-os management web interface bug lets remote authenticated users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn why elementary is one of jlwallen s favorite linux distros in the review of the juno release' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows botnet spreading mirai variant a windows-based botnet is spreading a mirai variant that is also infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa authentication manager cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the fileless threat cactustorch uses the dotnettojscript technique which loads and executes malicious .net assemb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dhs cyber office plans 640m in buying through 2020' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hodapp we re glad you re having a great experience with windows 10 eli are there any particular features that stand out' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 25 util-linux 2017-20710607f5' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmware removes hard-coded root access key from vsphere data protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center firefox and tor release urgent update for 0-day thats under active attack arstechnica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsecvideos blackhat derbycon 2016 business developement the best non-four letter dirty word in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel net sctp socket.c local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-7117 use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel hires window snyder as company s first chief software security officer hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 35 off envira gallery premium wordpress gallery plugin use coupon bf2016 blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to check laptop battery status in terminal in linux ostechnix the brief guide explains how to check yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update php7 opensuse-2018-708 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to require featured images for posts in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows up to 2016 crypto driver information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms sql injection topic cms sql injection risk medium text:recen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday mc buy and sell cars script 1.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt devorahmargolin an excellent piece of research by douniamahlouly and charliewinter highlighting the differences in is s internal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt projectzerobugs windows child process restriction mitigation bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'byol a novel technique to execute .net assemblies entirely within memory by using the execute-assembly command' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peace comes to troubled embedded-linux-for-routers community in the shadow of christmas lede and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking laf linux application firewall' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux 2 libvirt alas-2018-1049 spectre nessus plugin id 111336 with medium severity syno' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter canada takes tax site offline after apache struts attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux rsync phsa-2018-1.0-0096 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt emcconover i have a phd in physics but thanks for the input my bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inside paypal s ci infrastructure git docker mesos jenkins aurora and travis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln netgear arlo multiple products cve-2016-10116 insecure default password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical cve-2015-3188 the ui daemon in apache storm 0.10.0 before' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'videohive clone sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cerber ransomware doesn t delete shadow volume copies anymore prioritizes office docs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunkliveldn listen to your machine data and act on the results infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have mentors take their expertise amp bring something that they can learn from you lindsey mcquade student michiganstateu oraclemsce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libvirt suse-su-2018:2304-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3210-1 libreoffice vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and setup wordpress seo plugin by yoast updated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1948-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dwizzzlemsft new wired article on windows osr team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rropsoni hi there we suggest checking out all the options for purchasing windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imagemagick 7.x lt 7.0.3-6 waveletdenoiseimage heap buffer overflow rce nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bassclefss hi there what happens when you re trying to work on google docs using chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jassination is there anything we can help you with how s your experience with windows 10 going so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome lt 68.0.3440.75 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android forums resets passwords after breach theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1948:01 moderate ansible security and bug fix update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt random_walker i m glad to hear the and i look forward to seeing chrome compete on privacy and tracking protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps auction website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6504 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2014-6504 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt drupaleurope in the open web lounge brought to you by automattic amp supported by google you ll join people discussing cross-' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux rclocal payload persistence module exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday mc yellow pages script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow proc self mem race condition privileg 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prometheusam pretty cool right are you enjoying any other apps or features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clothing steven universe rose s sword lounge pants i love humans you re all so funny sometimes you infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcclatchydc a mickey mouse operation how panama papers law firm dumped clients lost miami office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tutoring website makes users passwords super-hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel kvm kvm_pit_load_count function divide by zero denial of service infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches password-related vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel mcafee labs threats predictions report previews cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi has office depot tricked you into believing your pc had a malware infection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'video maldoc analysis with standard linux tools sun aug 5th i created a video f the analysis of a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slashdot s list of top 10 hacks of all time -orson welles war of the worlds broadcast-mars pathfinder-ke' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lfs252 will help you improve your essential openstack skills info on the bundle deal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install arch linux on virtualbox installing arch is virtually easy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496 cross site request forgery vulnerability hp ucmdb browser cve-2018-6496' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm websphere message broker 9.0 10.0 clickjacking privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is screen options in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 build 17744 released with bug fixes and improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploiting a microsoft edge vulnerability to steal files in 2015 microsoft released the edge browser infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cross-site request forgery in wordpress download manager plugin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux reiserfs listxattr_filler heap overflow linux suffers from a reiserfs listxattr_filler heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews mongodb attack shows off cyber extortionists new tricks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mail masta plugin multiple sql injection vulnerabilities mail masta plugin multiple sql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dbrown166 could you provide a screenshot of the error at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux reiserfs listxattr_filler heap overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress fixes xss csrf flaws in latest core update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fpieces nerdpyle amtwo altnerdpyle sadly the command doesn t work on windows 7 so i cannae test it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2180-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to manage unsandboxed plugins on your chromebook' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishpoint phishing attack a new technique to bypass microsoft office 365 protections securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation topic linux kernel udp fragmentatio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp reduces spam despite end-to-end encryption networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3752-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows vista has just 30 days to live' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'white house withholds cyber-security order for further revision' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'michaelgpowell great thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to automatically empty your wordpress trash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lovely now someone s ported iot-menacing mirai to windows boxes theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'popcorn time ransomware sure to cause indigestion by tim hux mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2242' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brand new threatpost news podcast mike_mimoso brokenfuses catch you up on the week s news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'virtualkidroya hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4216-1 prosody security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-7456 vmware vsphere data protection vdp 5.5.x' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new macos malware linked to russian hackers can steal passwords amp iphone backups security researchers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.10 gets microsoft surface 3 4 input wacom mobilestudio pro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'me i should read about deceptionalso me or i could write 1k words on deception psyops and social media platfo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2289-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi fan of kfc here s some finger-licking good advice for your password change it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft silverlight scriptobject unsafe memory access ms13-022 ms13-087 exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress google map plugin lt 4.0.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ai is here to stay so says azavery of oracle in the latest techcrunch article by ron_miller' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'galois seeks submissions to darpa-sponsored software reverse engineering prevention challenges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac have you downloaded the new windows forensics poster yet get it free register for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'distractions derail productivity stay on track and in the zone with focus assist in windows10 learn more here o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you re going to use windows it makes security sense to use windows 10 wouldn t it be great if modern infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qais944 thanks for the kind words are you enjoying any specific features right now we d love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to easily add css animations in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to come to the us be prepared to hand over your passwords if you re on trump s hit list the register' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'harimury hi again hari just to confirm have you had a chance to update chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gate_15_analyst wtb javascript web apps and servers vulnerable to redos attacks anomali cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thevishalpandit 3 3customer on a system which was originally factory installed with ubuntu by dell.in case you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday chrome blink speechrecognitioncontroller use-after-free exploit dos exploits 0day ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to davejlong businesstipstri wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt graykimbrough name a more iconic trio i ll wait' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'official_hhc the log-in page works fine on my end can you please clear your browser s cache and cookies and try again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adarshakkrao we re happy to see you re up and running adarsh what s your first impression of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'romad_gaming hmm interesting are you able to identify the last windows update that was successfully installed w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elroyheesbeen 1 of 2 is a self hosted site using the installation of wordpress.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to sort posts by post expiration date in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hohndel do you still understand the linux kernel torvalds no there are 30 000 files nobody knows the whole kernel ossummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juniper junos rpd bgp add-path dos jsa10771 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt optiv join cylanceinc s malcolm harkins protecttoenable and optiv s woodrow brown for a webinar on july 18th to lear' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple will punish apps that misuse your address book data gizmodo apple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4243-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3152-2 linux kernel raspberry pi 2 vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'removing admin rights fixes 94 of all windows critical vulnerabilities update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mskfagan that s odd could you check and let us know if it is only happening with google chrome also have you tr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 kernel-alt rhsa-2018:1967 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'word of caution if you are buying an iphone amp airtime from o2 on a 24 month contract don t expect them to address' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 libvncserver vulnerabilities usn-3171-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbrownridge hi there our team is aware of the behavior and are investigating more information here thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'take two ninth circuit revises two password sharing decisions but fails to fix cfaa mess' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samsung knox patch mongodb audit crypto in php podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 procps-ng alas-2018-1031 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarepatrol malwageddon talossecurity junipernetworks juniperresearch vpnfilter malware now targets new d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'managing devices in linux explore how the dev directory gives you direct access to your devices in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 ettercap 2017-06365bdcfd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tombrossman askpaypal thx tom not listed in the linked policy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql 5.6.x lt 5.6.41 multiple vulnerabilities rpm check april 2018 cpu nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google removing option to get chrome extensions from remote sites google has removed the option of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8246 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when microsoft excel improperly discloses' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1852-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt omespino protipexcelent talk at bugcrowd levelup 0x02 by internetwache small files and big bounties exploiting sens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome users get site isolation by default to ward off spectre attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix 7.2 tl 0 ntp iv92192' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '12 russian intelligence officers indicted for hacking u.s democrats twelve russian intelligence infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erruserunknown fantastic thanks for getting back to us we re always here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 libvirt cesa-2018:1929 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco web security appliance l4 traffic monitor bypass nessus plugin id 110535 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kuttch_wala thanks for the info what happens when you try to open the website on chrome also is there an error message' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inkedsmol hi there have you tried force closing the chrome app or restarting your device keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mobile malware disguised as microsoft docs spread via whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update aubio opensuse-2018-868 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle solaris 11.3 kernel remote code execution vulnerability oracle solaris 11.3 kernel remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '99blocksyt wow what a throwback what have been your favorite changes to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2017 to bring more ransomware iot ddos attacks and scada incidents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brunoborges whoamiubuntu whereami in a docker container inside a kubernetes cluster running in a vm on top of a hyper' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6096 a sql injection issue was discovered in the a sql injection issue was discovered in the ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers and passwords your guide to data breaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matt_gerlach sap_aws 150 transactions per hour' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'at amp t sk telecom and intel team up to launch airship openstack for cloud management via' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress instagram feed 1.4.6.2 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security esnc infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rmsjournals sounds great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experince going at the mo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imn0x glad to hear your device is running smoothly have any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update caught your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6543 tenable nessus before 6.10.2 as used alone or' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce ansible core use of obsolete passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches flash zero-day exploited in targeted attacks adobe has patched vulnerabilities in nine of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracleiaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with edge notepad remote desktop and sign-in improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter azure security center now guards windows server 2016 vms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt billbrowder horrifying news 3 russian opposition journalists working for khodorkovsky doing an expose on the wagner mercenary' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'from today google chrome starts marking all non-https sites not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomaskroes do you mean http error that is usually a browser issue try clearing the browser cache and cookies i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3717-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'crazybret6931 ten-four good buddy how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2392 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5204 leaking of an svg shadow tree leading to corruption of the dom tree in blink in google chrome prior' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 procps elsa-2018-1777' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update libcares2 suse-su-2016:3286-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update recommended update for mariadb suse-su-2016:2933-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justalilzippy hey there are you still having issues with windows 10 we re here to help if needed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update java-10-openjdk opensuse-2018-810 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox nssmiltimecontainer::notifytimechange remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security upworthy clone script 1.1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'n33ks_ous77 yay we re glad you were able to update any favorite windows 10 features yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secutech dsl wr ris 330 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows system information 6.1.7601 xxe injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how the russians broke into the democrats email and how it could have been avoided the russians infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleopenworld what can you do to be part of the change invest your time volunteer to make an impact speak up against inequalit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamanthonyball that s an amazing list anthony are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd mozilla multiple vulnerabilities cd81806c-26e7-4d4a-8425-02724a2f48af nessus plugin id 110700 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201702-10 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 glibc phsa-2018-1.0-0155 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 ncurses alas-2018-1053 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itayad that doesn t sound good itay could you try browsing in incognito mode and see if you re experiencing the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cynicalsecurity alisaesage that maybe more of a chrome issue assuming 3d if mac dunno somebody changed some code somewhere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia hacktivism infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you know hmrc have 5 million biometric ids by the back door including voice ids big brother watch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arkayem we re glad to hear your pc is running smoothly how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows kernel cve-2018-0982 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3788-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner blog by marc_r_brown fuel your everyone sells culture through employee advocacy.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel 2.6.18 move_pages information leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla firefox javascript processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6480 local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to get started with dockercompose here s everything you need to know' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity innovating from the top federal chief innovation officers infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress pie register blind sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yubico in chrome vulnerability disclosure row' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pourmecoffee is that bad that sounds bad. mars dust storm now planet-encircling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-1247 the nginx package before 1.6.2-5 deb8u3 on debian jessie and the nginx packages before 1.4.6-1ubuntu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-site scripting in magic fields 1 wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac cybersecurity training sec503 sec560 for408 for508 available at sanssecurejapan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel show_timer input validation flaw lets local users view portions of system memory on the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache tomcat 6.0.x lt 6.0.48 7.0.x lt 7.0.73 8.0.x lt 8.0.39 8.5.x lt 8.5.8 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roharashraj that looks amazing rohan be sure to sync your phone with your windows 10 pc to get your music photo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news the linux foundation appoints veteran networking pro as general manager networking amp orchestration:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install wordpress in other languages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anuraggoswami81 we appreciate the love what s your favorite feature on windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix rmsock advisory rmsock_advisory2.asc ij06904 ij06905 ij06906 ij06907 ij06908 ij06934 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clipper malware doesn t threaten just windows users android.clipper manipulates clipboard content to steal users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracle dark bot of the week without the proper security no connected device is safe from the botnet darkbot security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service topic skype empresarial office 365 1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches 31 vulnerabilities flash zero-day under attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin 4.8.x lt 4.8.2 vulnerability pmasa-2018-4 nessus plugin id 110722 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday viavi real estate sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passages secure virtual browser for malware isolation over 90 of undetected attacks come through the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djcreeperguy hey there we like your style which other features help you stay organized in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logicjoel music to our ears any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update catching your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'read more about the case and the ransomware the two brothers developed from john_fokker and christiaanbeek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the six most misused phrases and why they matter to tech from michael_curator' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'awesomestriker how exciting which other apps have you been using on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle vm virtualbox cve-2017-3316 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rygorous hi there where is the happening is it in the wordpress editor or in the mobile app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys cve-2016-7255 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bonelessshotgun we sure do be sure to check out our series of handy windows 10 tips here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity no backdoor but whatsapp can snoop encrypted conversations infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kali linux 2.1.2 arm releases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update gnupg2 on sl6.x i386 x86_64 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'codecatt yet is the key word here we are hoping to localize based on demand.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rocketvector97 that s amazing frank have you been using windows to work on any interesting projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talos here s a serious windows bug microsoft chill it s not that serious theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq joomla com_filecabinet component id parameter sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 19 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln docker cve-2016-9962 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to monitor your linux server using osquery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gr8 tutorial script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi if you re going to use windows it makes security sense to use windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq sec consult sa-20170207 path traversal backdoor accounts amp knx group address password bypass in jung' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to hacking israel surveillance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poisontap 5 device can hack even password-protected pcs newsfactor network' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux ntpd 4.2.8 derive_nonce stack overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2017-7184 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 qemu-kvm cesa-2018:2162 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft internet explorer 9 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft wireless display adapter 2 command injection broken access control vulnera 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psssantosh11 thanks for showing the love have you been enjoying any windows apps or features lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2636 linux kernel flaw was spotted after seven years and quickly hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter minorschool v3.2 reset admin password vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ceph opensuse-2018-541' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mylobot malware targets your windows pc for ddos trojan and keylogger attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5179 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in tenable nessus before 6.9.3 allows remote authenticated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ecessa wanworx wvr-30 10.7.4 add superuser cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows shell cve-2018-8414 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft releases security updates for flash player but two disclosed flaws remain unpatched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uncloaking tor browser users with drm-protected files helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2017:0720-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jsmrcaga thanks for sticking with us all these years are you enjoying any of the new features in the windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player lt 30.0.0.134 apsb18-25 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla-promoted firefox add-on found collecting users browsing history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump might ask putin to extradite the 12 russian intelligence hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3146-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bull ibm aix clusterwatch watchware file write command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple memory corruption vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2402-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity atlanta attorney s office gets cybercrime unit infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 strongswan 2018-bab8cabe2a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee mvision portfolio enables your security admins to start each day without a cloud in the sky to see the thr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t iot search engine exposes passwords of over 30 000 vulnerable dvrs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooseyboy thanks for the info could you try playing the videos in incognito mode and see if it s working fine:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exohale hmm could you try creating a new chrome profile and check let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djsfw please use the crashreporter to report the problem as explained here it might be due to your system bw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd graphicsmagick multiple vulnerabilities 25f73c47-68a8-4a30-9cbc-1ca5eea4d6ba nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gayan_kalhara we re glad you re enjoying the emoji keyboard have any other new features caught your eye in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi ocr software firm abbyy leaks 203 000 customer documents in mongodb server snafu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rummeennaa hi there just to confirm are you still experiencing the issue also do you see the same error in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protest against trump travel ban leaves passwordscon in limbo the post doesn t have enough text content infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt christiaanbeek mcafee epo platform gains insight into threat research' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2092-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tagregator 0.6 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nicowaisman so a lot of malicious modules published to nmp sqliter sqlserver and others.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress apptha slider gallery 1.0 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel scsi arcmsr driver cve-2016-7425 local heap buffer overflow vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how to get ahead with headers and a better footing with footers many wordpress themes include user-fri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq new vmsa-2018-0019 horizon 6 7 and horizon client for windows updates address an out-of-b' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2187-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql cluster 7.2.x lt 7.2.27 ndbapi subcomponent buffer overflow january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local pale moon browser lt 27.9.3 use after free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securitydevops i am really enjoying the hard core injection class it is a good mix of red teaming and forensics excellent malwa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.10 linux vulnerabilities usn-3147-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows flash users heads up new critical security updates incl at least one zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt erinscafe weird how the police officer checked the guy for weapons and finding none immediately thought to plant a knife on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthromero we re glad you re enjoying it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thefullsauce we re glad you re enjoying windows 10 which features have been catching your eye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mahdrybread hi there do a google search for anything scroll to the bottom of the page amp check if chrome is set to your current location' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle will stop trusting md5-signed jar files in april' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln icloud setup for windows cve-2016-7583 remote code execution vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gartner s pfirstbrook examines top trends for security and risk management leaders' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0x4d31 splunk and honeypot any details on the setup' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 july patchtuesday arrives with five improvements' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aderbenwick education is the key to economic growth and future prosperity oracleacademy is helping to transform lives with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'join unisyscorp experts as they introduce a new software-defined network microsegmentation sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exponent cms 2.4.0 denial of service sql injection vulnerability exponent cms 2.4.0 denial of service sql inject' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6686 authentication bypass vulnerability in tpm autoboot in mcafee drive encryption mde 7.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2425-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched edge browser susceptible to wavethrough bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'look what s that over there sophos nips windows dns dll false positive in the bud temporary file infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3148-1 ghostscript vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows server smb zero-day exploit released after microsoft failed to issue patch for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco patches a critical vulnerability in prime collaboration provisioning solution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bramwillemse hi bram just to confirm have you tried these steps to repair chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lmeyerov getting ready for a talk next week on visual hunting amp incident response via corelight bro_ids gt splunk gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter uk targets whatsapp encrypted messaging apps following london attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archbang linux review easy minimal arch-based os linuxandubuntu there are so many distros popping out of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'explained what s up with the whatsapp backdoor story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hey techbros make an airplane mode but for driving for your apps us traffic watchdog technology infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seven data security challenges you must meet to comply with gdpr the enactment of the european union s infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium rhsa-2017:0180 java-1.8.0-openjdk security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3218-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows scf file feature bypass vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new trustedsec security podcast ep2.3 flash exploits powershell expedia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 virtualization manager rhsa-2018:2071 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 oxide-qt vulnerabilities usn-3133-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imcus effective risk communication with the c-suite takes self-awareness articulating risk to senior infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week on windows blackfriday deals are here we re giving you the inside scoop so you can save big:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash swf stack corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegamerguyjoe why do you say that we want you to have the best experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'get ready for winhec 2016 stay tuned for news on the windows blog windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thepaleopalate1 we think so you ll find more about the benefits of wordads program at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp security flaw enabled hackers to hijack accounts with malicious images' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel vfio driver cve-2016-9084 integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. onelogin s new chief security officer justin calmus sumlac on the future of access surviving a breach by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'btman16 that s awesome brandon how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'olwe2_tsh1 hello which windows build are you having the issue with we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redirect cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle webcenter portal multiple vulnerabilities april 2018 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bowcarz hello how long have you been seeing the problem with windows activation we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debrololi hmm what is the make and model of your device we ll take a closer look.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft moved redstone 5 called october 2018 update to release branch with the release of windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a fix is coming next month for a new iot security issue in google home and chromecast gadgets googlehome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to allow users to edit their comments in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yahoo users prompted to change credentials due to data breach' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2097-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201808-02 linux containers user space utilities arbitrary file read nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a bug in chrome gives bad actors license to play 20 questions with your private data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broadcom surprises many with ca technologies acquisition' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s been a really productive trip the year we ve sold nearly all our sponsorships for next year metlstorm has' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update firefox on sl5.x sl6.x i386 x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'another photo of the magically dissapearing thing. markings 2 99273 f7r-1 94v-0 and dinching-g and since being' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2557-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 libtiff 2018-44c6f91560 nessus plugin id 110388 with medium severity synopsis the remot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-617 dell sonicwall universal management suite imagepreviewservlet sql injection remote code execution vuln' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps viral image sharing script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'global antivirus software market 2018 research avast software symantec avg and mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt privacymatters whatsapp amp facebook data sharing affirmative express consent in action' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt williamsmithny oracle ceo if all cloud did was cost less it would be worth doing reduces labor costs creates certainty of monthly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase cut your amazon bill in half we are five to ten times faster and cheaper we give you a written guarantee we gua' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical cyberark vulnerability unbound dns over tls adobe flash exploit podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 timidity 2018-303a46d436 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq erpscan-17-005 oracle peoplesoft xss vulnerability cve-2017-3300' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadow brokers say goodbye leak a batch of windows hacking tools helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter intel security s mcafee labs 2017 threats predictions report predictions include ransomware dron' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-1583 stack-based buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '4noats_ent we did not fix anything i suggest you contact support for the app or mobile browser where the is happ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'niklashofer4 so do we are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update pacemaker opensuse-2016-1376' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday july 12th 2018 thu jul 12th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2957 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linux_spain has details on the new kernel release 4.10 named the anniversary edition by linus torvalds:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress cve-2018-10101 security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na rhsa-2017:0001 ipa security update problem description an update for ipa is now available for red hat ente' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 plexus-archiver alas-2018-1043 nessus plugin id 110782 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9598 libxml2 as used in red hat jboss core services allows context-dependent attackers to cause a denial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player up to 11.2.202.644 23.0.0.207 use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamco0per hey joseph is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows 10 experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle secure global desktop multiple vulnerabilities july 2018 cpu nessus plugin id 111333 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1399-1 ruby-passenger security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-6874 race condition in kernel ucount.c in the linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11769 couchdb administrative users before 2.2.0 can configure the database server via http s due to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-619 adobe flash netconnection use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how isv impulse_info cures it worries for healthcare companies w oracle database appliance:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt secguru_otx microsoft kb4343205 internet explorer august 14 results in blank pages when using adfs and sso we experience th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samri10 windows 10 hardening tool for thwarting network recon helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 libvorbis euleros-sa-2018-1155 nessus plugin id 110731 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abhijeetsafai great choices be sure to check out all the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclecloud what s the secret sauce for retail success hint not mayo click here to learn more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy national technology day from oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityaffairs parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google enables site isolation feature for 99 of chrome desktop users google has secretly enabled a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2017-246' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt didierstevens new blog post quickpost compiling dlls with mingw on windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3796-1 apache2 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7482 in the linux kernel before version 4.12 keberos 5 tickets decoded when using the rxrpc keys incorrec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robert shimp of oracle describes a future of specialized distributed services amp devices at linuxcon north america:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm bigfix remote control up to 9.1.2 broker application http request denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linuxsec linuxfoundation linuxit_europe hacking mcafee virusscan enterprise for linux upgrade it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics stay up to date with the brand new windowsforensics poster always free to the community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stockdoc118 thanks for clarifying let s try the steps in the article to speed up google chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wifi password cracking made easy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s happening starting today google chrome will mark all http websites as not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 55 fixes flaws blocks flash datamation adobe flash content will still run in google c chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2245-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pfthurley thanks for the info try these steps to hide extension icons right click on the extension icon gt select hide in chrome menu.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office nebula glass set perfect for tang the nebula glasses set lets you start your day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roehlteacher hi there have you tried the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security considerations for team based password managers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla jcart for opencart 2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pyxlgy that s amazing we love having longtime users like you what have been your favorite changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk to acquire devops alert firm victorops for 120 million' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update recommended update for ucode-intel suse-su-2018:1935-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'runiestudios gotcha thanks for letting us know if you have any questions about windows feel free to reach out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 bash glibc libgcrypt libtar openjdk openjre strongswan unzip phsa-2017-0040 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla je gallery 1.3 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10879 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause a use-af' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc the bro_ids analyzer can parse and detect the google implementation of quic using the wire format get the detai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redis-cli buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'copy-me plugin 1.0.0 on wordpress cross site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openconext-engineblock 5.7.3 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims securityaffairs cybercrime' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe php exploit threatens wordpress sites with remote code execution the issue impacts several infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt evanderburg what chrome means by not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alirich0 great thanks for getting back to us how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mariadb suse-su-2018:1781-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium usn-3194-1 openjdk 7 vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'okeefesbeef you can t export bookmarks from mobile tim alternatively try resetting chrome sync on the computer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 s privacy dashboard aims to tackle data concerns telemetry and data settings collected into infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2sec4u jimhalfpenny i saw a kafka once' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows exploitation in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pimcore 5.2.3 csrf cross site scripting sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want a copy of the 2017 snort calendar you can reserve your copy by filling out the survey' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 insider build 17730 is now available here s whats new' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an open letter to microsoft s executives over terrible windows 10 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap releases august 2018 security updates' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pumasrevengeyt hi there how are things running for you at the moment we re here to help if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps viral fun facts sharing script 1.1.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juanbillion hi again juan just checking in did resetting your chrome settings help let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux project patches 11-year-old security flaw that gives attackers root access the linux team has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update plexus-archiver on sl7.x noarch nessus plugin id 110508 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iaminventor02 that s great news what other games have you been playing on windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 phishing campaign hides malicious urls in sharepoint files threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smb 3 0-day dos exploit wordpress update webroot bsod podcast security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libcares2 opensuse-2016-1373' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberpunk blackhat open source privacy enhancing ios web browser onion browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nhs_scotland_rb hi there try performing a hard reset on your chromebook turn off the device then press refresh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc exploit for critical apache struts flaw found online vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shoretel mobility client ios 9.1.2.101 ssl man-in-the-middle packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'six quick seo tips:1 publish content about what you know2 write in your normal voice3 check for any broken l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3714-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update sudo suse-su-2016:2904-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'five years ago news broke of snowden s revelations. the government and corporate sector preyed on our ignorance' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe photoshop cc 18.x lt 18.1.6 19.x lt 19.1.6 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-28 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'defcon 2018 vpn padding oracle attack for all vpns with compression enabled' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd moinmoin xss vulnerabilities ab804e60-d693-11e6-9171-14dae9d210b8 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2017:0176' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybercriminals should be punished with wi-fi jammers a senior uk police officer has suggested that infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb amp lt 2.1.0 remote code execution exploit webapps exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt technology mcafee ceo chris young on the state of cyber defense' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploit kits target recent flash internet explorer zero-days' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress newstatpress 1.2.4 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter tenable nessus up to 6.9.2 cross site scripting cve-2017-5179' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt searchcio . mcafee ciso grantbourzikas don t forget the basics to improve cybersecurity posture' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aeppert defcon attendees looking to talk bro_ids scripting let me know i will be around the rest of the week starting to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to easily add css animations in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mario_carton we re glad to hear it are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt darkreading new apache struts vulnerability leaves major websites exposed apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwaremustdie _odisseus elf_imeij a new linux malware is spreading in the linux iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt buffaloverflow gossithedog tiraniddo flypigmk thegrugq pwnallthethings hklm software microsoft office common com compatibilit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m disappointed no-one has suggested weird science yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt x0rz ah us military documents leaked because some officer did not change default password on his ftp server although' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tiraniddo flypigmk thegrugq pwnallthethings it doesn t honour the ie killbit from memory office has its own c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure library loading code execution topic sambroadcaster pro 2018.7 insecure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure recent corporate breaches have taught us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xalexei i m excited to be talking about my research on windows defender antivirus binary emulator later the summer at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'time s running out to register for the week s webinar combat ransomware w nessus and keep your network secure.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ye_won_0805 hi there to help us get started on the issue can you share the version and build number of windows your device is using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2251-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 git photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0053 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 7 seamless gui integration coming to qubes os' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kylebaquiran we love your excitement how have you been enjoying windows 10 overall lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'miles9561 hello miles that sounds delightful how is your overall windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6677 directory traversal vulnerability in the administrative user interface in mcafee web ga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8019 when using an ocsp responder apache tomcat native 1.2.0 to 1.2.16 and 1.1.23 to 1.1.34 did not correc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.6 denial of service overflow vulnerability linux kernel 4.6.6 denial of service overflow vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gianfrancoincar turkey-holland hackers broke into twitter counterapp to hijack hundreds of high-profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday fusermount user_allow_other restriction bypass and selinux label control exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mkruzel5 looks like fun mike we would love to see what you ve created with windows ink.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla je form creator 1.8 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress up to 4.7.0 rest api class-wp-rest-users-controller.php information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password manager pro easiest way to keep enterprises secure recent corporate breaches have taught us infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dawnolympus hi there what s your site s address so i can have a look have you tried clearing chrome s cache or using a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'its_epic_fail practice makes perfect how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business client unspecified security vulnerability sap business client unspecified security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server core components subcomponent rce january 2017 cpu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft edge prepares to block flash content by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos brave browser 1.2.16 1.9.56 address bar url spoofing exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities adobe flash player apsb18-25' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elefant cms 1.3.12-rc cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt botanygeek the smell of the air after a storm is caused by geosmin a chemical released by dead soil bacteria.humans are hyp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 bind shell shellcode 51 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a brief interview with the shadow brokers news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to seo_autoblog themezly allianzetech00 wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux gafgyt.b tr exploits netcore vulnerability fortinet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we still have brocon 2018 sponsorship opportunities remaining check out the prospectus and get in touch.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'estivigaming we re glad to hear that how has the rest of your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roguecolonel we appreciate the shout-out james which tasks have you enjoyed with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s a kind of interesting one as fca are still based inside tsb s head office as they re assisting with recovery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'improve network performance with opendataplane and open fast path on ubuntu 16.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch how-to learn to edit share your movies microsoft photos windows10 see more here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collectibles star trek vintage style brooch set warp core brooch part of the thinkgeek star trek infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xen xen-netback xenvif_set_hash_mapping integer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.11 net tipc msg.c tipc_msg_build buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uh oh new technique simplifies cracking of wpa wpa2 passwords on 802.11 networks by making it easy to retrieve th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter openstack mitaka-murano 2.0.0 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 openjdk phsa-2018-1.0-0101 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one million broadband offline in germany external influence blamed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7072 a remote bypass of security restrictions vulnerability was identified in hpe moonshot provisioning ma' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'proof-of-concept released for apache struts vulnerability darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:1949' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache 2.4.x lt 2.4.34 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 subversion phsa-2017-0031 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aussie_sunset nice choices are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-100 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet notificationmethodresult sql injection remote cod' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp warns free google drive backups are not encrypted news' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icantrank hi chris we d like to look into the can you tell us more about the issue you re facing with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'highlandl4ss we re constantly working to refine windows make sure to log your experience with in the feedback hub' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1462-1 wpa security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm websphere remote code execution java deserialization packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zerodom hi dom try the steps in the guide to repair chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat rhsa-2018-1883:01 low samba4 security and bug fix update an update for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 404 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans security detecting malicious smb activity using bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity several high risk 0-day vulnerabilities affecting sap hana found infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rohit_marwaha oraclechanginglives very inspiring talk by thomas kurian in employee summit today and the best message forward..h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 procps rhsa-2018:1777 nessus plugin id 110279 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3172-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kingdomgamer35 that s quite awhile what have been your favorite changes to windows through the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux foundation executive director jim zemlin takes the stage to kick off ossummit in vancouver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 java-1.8.0-openjdk cesa-2018:2242 nessus plugin id 111340 with medium severity synopsis' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zachabuza word' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'serenelyrapt you re welcome how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp tem falha de seguran a que permite acesso s mensagens' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high rhsa-2017:0165 openstack-cinder security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polarisoffice 2017 v8 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tsmc says variant of wannacry virus brought down its plants' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tessmichaud hi tess that doesn t sound good just to confirm have you tried these steps to help fix chrome crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java se mission control insecure transport mitm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'norwich university names george j silowash new chief information security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 microsoft has shared some major news about your pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'youranonglobal anonopsse anonyspain anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft quietly killing security updates on old windows 7 pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3675-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'okay idiots is probably way too nice word for them e_kaspersky continuing everyth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt eduardkovacs flash player ie windows and silverlight are the pieces of software most targeted by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.10 apt regression usn-3156-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sap security for beginners part 5 sap risks sabotage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pwntester there is no reason to use java serialization in any new system you write. use cross-platform structured-data rep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday trendmicro interscan 6.5-sp2_build_linux_1548 remote root vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft shares telemetry data collected from windows 10 users with 3rd-party cyber security is a major infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress olimometer 2.56 plugin sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu 14.04 16.04 x86-64 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mattifestation got creds to a win10 box and want system code exec and a full c2 channel purely over wmi code exec write primitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mac os ios kernel memory corruption packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tim2040 i ve blogged about elizabeth denham s problematic endorsement of ardikolah s disappearing gdpr book' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows settings shortcuts can be abused for code execution on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrwafflesnbacon okay thanks we suggest trying the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'newstatpress plugin 1.2.4 on wordpress persistent cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 535111 mcafee virusscan enterprise for windows is vulnerable to denial of service or code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'official_hhc no problem reach us at help wordpress.com.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh client installed nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple ios lt 11.4 multiple vulnerabilities efail nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9728 ibm qradar 7.2 is vulnerable to sql injection a remote attacker could send specially-c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1780-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity police spread the word about netflix phishing scam audio excerpt infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diversity in the cybersecurity was on the agenda when we spoke with grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec online tshirt design script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sebastien goasguen of skippbox explains a new tool to move from docker-compose to kubernetes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'genealogy site myheritage reported 92m usernames and passwords have been compromised sparking a discussion on gen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what will gdpr mean for websites using nefarious web trackers such as browser fingerprinting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel out-of-bounds read information disclosure vulnerability linux kernel out-of-bounds infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle flexcube enterprise limits and collateral management 12.0.0 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. anomali threatintel seminar educating professionals in arlington today special thanks flashpointintel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'could semantic icons replace passwords and pins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp operations manager installed linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-10 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player security flaws used in most exploit kits security research shows flash player continues to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6353 incomplete fix local denial of service vulnerability linux kernel cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news idg contributor network ubuntu core has the keys to iot security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasitehttp rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4343897 windows 10 version 1709 august 2018 security update foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-725-1 tzdata new upstream version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel ack challenge information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt nintechnet critical vulnerability in ultimate member wordpress plugin 100k active installations allows hackers to upload' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spudowiar you can adjust how much info is displayed from the settings people screw up the sqlite schema and usage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress comments import and export csv injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sp3akzy thanks for the kind words are you working on interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thn deal complete linux certification training save 97' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt carlinretail oracleretail assortment plng enables skechersusa to optimize amp strategically plan their merch assortments nrf17' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. autogradelinux releases the latest version of its open-source infotainment platform read more here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inventitech hi moritz what happens when you try browsing those websites in chrome are you seeing an error message let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel malformed gpos table buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 url redirection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add tables in wordpress posts and pages no html required' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4284819 windows 10 version 1709 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110485 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kali linux 2.1.2 arm releases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp 2.18.61 memory corruption whatsapp version 2.18.61 suffers from a memory corruption vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to metasploit bambino0710 wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if linus torvalds works well in airports linux 4.10 will land next week linux lord wishes he d infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s not a joke owari botnet operators used root as username and password to access a c amp c securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mongodb vulnerability leaked health care data of 2 million mexicans online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity lastpass extensions can be made to cough up passwords deliver malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3933 an exploitable out-of-bounds write exists in the microsoft word document conversion functionality of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues topic microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover microsegmentation and its use in support of compliance issues with unisyscorp 8 2 1pm et sansappsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackingdave get yourself well brother' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s everything you need to know about docker101' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what are security keys in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross site scripting topic wordpress gwolle guestbook 2.5.3 cross s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emmasaponaro hi there what is the site address that it is referring you to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 53.0.2785.101 bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress wp vault 0.8.6.6 local file inclusion cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft power point 2016 java code execution exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update python suse-su-2018:2040-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacking nosql applications tue dec 6th in last couple of years the mean stack mongodb express infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2150-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat ansible engine 2.6 enables cloud network and windows automation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default password admin123 for admin account nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap solman 7.31 information disclosure cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats on 25 years debian debian25years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update nagios-nrpe suse-su-2018:1768-1 logjam' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'singapore explores virtual browsers following singhealth data breach health ministry is piloting the use infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flightradar24 suffers security breach some users email addresses and hashed passwords exposed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2017-5009 webrtc in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 webrtc in google chrome prior to 56.0.29' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to deploy on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations to flashpoint s allison nixon for being a scmediarebootawards2018 winner flashpointintel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rbcontentpool sailing as tough as the nfl oracleteamusa skipper jspithill draws parallels ahead of americascup gt for press' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability wordpress 4.6.1wo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6670 external entity attack vulnerability in the epo extension in mcafee common ui cui 2.0.2 allows remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ghostofsimm hello aj unless specifically noted otherwise devices come with windows 10 installed and licensed we hope the helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andremacnamara we re glad to hear it s running well how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pssst hey mitchellbyars dailycamera and denverpost 9news denverchannel can you help me spread the word th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms snews sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5220 pdfium in google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy valentinesday from all of us at oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-128 trend micro safesync for enterprise get_device_info sql injection information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'consumers choose easy login over passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nefariusmaximus ah that sounds great what kind of projects do you use windows for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the new oracleiaas internet intelligence map provides a simple graphical way to track the health of the internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq admin custom login wordpress plugin custom login page affected by persistent cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-7873 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability linux kernel cve-2016-5195 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'state data officers offer feedback on federal data strategy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how google s safe browsing helped build a more secure web' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new sql malware targets online shops running on magento security experts have discovered a new sql infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'openssl 1.0.x lt 1.0.2p multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-144 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059 version 1.0 severity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity penn sociologist tackles electronic health records cybersecurity and passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc read free a play-by-play analysis of an exploit using bro_ids here cybersecurity dfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities 2da838f9-9168-11e8-8c75-d8cb8abf62dd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt corelight_inc calling all bayarea bro_ids and networksecurity beginners and experts the next bro meetup is august 2 at mozill' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss eap rhsa-2017:0170' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress mypixs plugin cve-2015-1000012 local file include vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darren_duff fantastic have you been enjoying any new windows features lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to kas86h kalanamith wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps hikvision ip camera 5.4.0 user enumeration metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 openslp alas-2018-1060 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap enterprise financial services cve-2018-2436 remote authorization bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity windows 7 kb3205394 patches major security vulnerabilities install it now infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'merhaylamlee uh oh try to clear your browsing history cookies and cached data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update bash opensuse-2016-1374 shellshock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2850' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 samba4 cesa-2018:1883' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to chrfolini maldevel wpplugins_tips wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt intel80x86 i don t know if it s true about you or not but for me i always have problem using x64 inline assembly in windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 68 arrives with new apis and all http sites marked as not secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'appseceu conference is filled with a huge variety of interesting talks such as exploiting unknown browser amp objec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2018-0233 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ninjalim4 hmm gotcha are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in encryption push chrome flags http sites as non secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to srita_karen wopot wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mail masta plugin 1.0 on wordpress inc campaign_save.php list_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pjohnitty we re happy to hear it be sure to check out all the new features in windows 10 here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2018:2482-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation ms16-135 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows graphics component cve-2018-8344 remote code execution vulnerability microsof' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk wi-fi router passwords stolen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-07 multiple memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9562 sap netweaver as java 7.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service null po' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress strong testimonials plugin multiple xss security vulnerab' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'please fill out the editing experience survey to influence the future of the wordpress editor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nanopolymath we like your style are you using windows to work on any interesting projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'italinuxsociety linuxfoundation linux linuxsec cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle critical patch update release tue jul 17th oracle released their quarterly critical patch infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln debian cve-2016-1253 remote command injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1397-1 php5 security update nessus plugin id 110697 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rezzdotexe that s great news how are you liking windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle releases security alert' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter scientific linux security update util-linux on sl7.x x86_64' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'davidmbasa that s amazing david which features are you enjoying the most so far in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers reuse passwords to access 26 500 national lottery accounts if you ve been affected and even if infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dovatlm that s fantastic how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-35 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesecedge case study why an isp in south sudan chose oracle dyn for its ddos protection cybersecurity infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threadkit office docs with cve-2018-8174 may 2018 internet explorer exploit in the wild plus rig exploit kit has' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress wp support plus responsive ticket system 7.1.3 on wordpress wp_set_auth_cookie privilege es' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wendynather speaking of broochshade here s another master' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec softmaker office 201x privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'used for hot-wax embossing the tool has office of strategic services united states government amp the oss seal' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one for zerosum0x0 ms17-010 eternalblue works against windows 7 embedded with a bit of tweaking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm mq appliance cve-2015-7420 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pgi to set up uk-apac centre of security excellence in malaysia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to edgarulloa irvingdevus acmetek wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress redirection 2.7.1 deserialization code execution wordpress redirection plugin version 2.7.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check if your netgear router is also vulnerable to the password bypass flaw thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1442-1 mailman security update nessus plugin id 111314 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'encase forensic imager 7.10 denial of service heap buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode windows x64 10 wow64 egghunter shellcode 50 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity report windows 10 is less secure than windows 7 with emet infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vault 7 cia hacking weapons include ios android and windows zero days wikileaks released a massive dump infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware fusion 10.x lt 10.1.3 out-of-bounds write vulnerabilities vmsa-2018-0022 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla joomloc-cat 4.1.3 component ville parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vandorch sounds great to us we d love to hear your thoughts on windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'qualcomm unveils snapdragon 850 platform targeted for windows 10 pcs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weaponizong macos windowserver for pwn2own we ll see what else the year in tokyo brings round at pwn2own mobile a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken authentication cve-2018-12575 tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'many wordpress sites hacked via recently patched flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new blog why intermediate mitigation measures may be required for apachestruts security flaws:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'five-year-old code execution bug patched in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday my php dating 2.0 path parameter sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cronaschweetz hi there have you tried uninstalling and completely reinstalling chrome:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat jboss enterprise application platform cve-2016-8627 remote denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markdalbin we agree are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chromecast and home speaker can leak location data to websites nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 git cesa-2018:1957' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft patches 11 critical rce flaws in windows browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd xen-tools cirrus_bitblt_cputovideo does not check if memory region is safe 8cbd9c08-f8b9-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7282 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-6756 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'silver peak edgeconnect 8.1.4.9_65644 xss dos disclosure traversal packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'softnas cloud os command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'inkedsmol got it try the steps in the guide to help with chrome crashes let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mandos encrypted file system unattended reboot utility 1.7.20 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component userextranet 1.3.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'carcarah hi carcarah could you try the steps in the guide to help fix chrome let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'netsec news arkansas sheriff s office pays ransom to get data back' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'r t 21-year-old woman charged with hacking selena gomez be careful with your password reset questions kids' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases cumulative update for windows 10 1803 april update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities 2dde5a56-6ab1-11e8-b639-6451062f0f7a nessus plugin id 110403' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 multi dual mode execve amp quot bin sh amp quot null 0 shell 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spacemutiny that s great to hear what kind of work do you typically use windows for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday december 15th 2016 thu dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 tcpdump phsa-2017-0004 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gabevillamizar best thing that happened all week at reinvent oracle oraclefreerides oraclefreerides in a teslamotors model x http' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser vulnerability used to attack visitors to a child porn site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dannyjpalmer hackers are selling backdoors into pcs for just 10 warn researchers at mcafee_labs they discovered airport it s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jeremy_hunt matthancock erm please law do search for hancocksapp and the various issues it raised' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa acknowledge that security is broken trust is under attack so much so that security experts are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'did you know nessus turned 20 the year celebrate the milestone by sharing your ilovenessus story and score a li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github will raise a red alert if your password has been exposed elsewhere github has revamped its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3039-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'visual link sharing websites builder script 2.1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt micahflee if chelsea manning had been home when police broke into her home for a wellness check by kgosztola' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceo of company behind tor browser exploit i wanted to help take a person down hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'theothersattu hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gchampeau fellow privacy advocates let s give a big round of applause to vtoubiana his firefox amp chrome extension adds a p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer 9 jscript9 javascriptstackwalker memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 openssl phsa-2018-1.0-0097- a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pinkflawd blackhoodie bay area takes place 7th amp 8th of september at the google offices in mountainview hosting classes with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the double-edged sword of artificial intelligence in security by rodneyjoffe ai attacker defenders armsrace' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update libarchive suse-su-2016:2911-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jessebatson cookies from oracle that s a nice mid-week office surprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-130 critical security update for microsoft windows 3199172 version 1.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple s icloud saved the deleted safari browsing history over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq cve-2015-0050 microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml srunpointer::spanqualifier' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seanmerron that s amazing sean how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched edge browser susceptible to wavethrough bug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to disable wordpress admin bar for all users except administrators' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress snazzy maps 1.1.3 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozillafirefox mozilla-nss opensuse-2018-575' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter multiple vulnerabilities in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution rss generated wit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'alissa914 thank you lauren how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee virusscan enterprise multiple security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada hacking industrial systems woefully insecure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'johnnieitatdell amazing sounds like windows 10 is helping you stay very productive are you enjoying any specific features at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd bro multiple memory allocation issues 2f4fd3aa-32f8-4116-92f2-68f05398348e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9755 out of bounds write security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center flaws found in emerson deltav liebert products securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 kernel euleros-sa-2018-1153 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami subversion mod_dav_svn alas-2017-794' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cryps1s new post detecting windows endpoint compromise with sacls native windows event logg' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deegreen1964 we re glad to hear the how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14608 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows has a password protection option however the level' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joshuadone gotcha be sure to learn more about office 365 here we re here to help if you have any questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday classifieds script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle boils exadata cloud into an on-premises package' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity major windows 10 flaw allows subusers to gain administrator privileges infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-1248 debian_linux vim' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6346 use after free local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paladin s anti- hacking browser extension looks like snake oil experts say' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tiff suse-su-2018:1826-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress theme sydney by athemes 2018 gravityforms input remote file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'post-ipo pure doing all right says nvme is the new flash four words stand-alone storage kerching pure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checkout what google did with jib making it easier to package java programs so that they can be run on a cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch why attend a linux foundation event hear what the community has to say eventslf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zealot campaign how is the apachestruts vulnerability used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ken_ingle we love your excitement ken have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln ibm aix cve-2016-0266 information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kfc urges users to change passwords after attack against website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update mozillafirefox mozilla-nss suse-su-2016:3014-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability patched in oracle database oracle informed customers late on friday that its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'csp bypass with polyglot images finding sql injection via stack overflow mirai update podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 bind cesa-2018:2571 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 openjpeg rhsa-2017:0838' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'snort subscriber rule set update for 06 26 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atombombing brand new code injection for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uk cyber security boffins dispense ubuntu 18.04 wisdom gchq yeah but maybe don t make it too secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts vulnerability exploited in the wild a high severity remote code execution rce infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'onapsis selected as 2018 sc awards europe excellence finalist for best enterprise security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'curtisv how interesting we re glad to hear it s better now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday responsive events amp amp movie ticket booking script sql injection 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt threatpost icymi sextortionists shift scare tactics to include legit passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter local microsoft excel starter 2010 xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese espionage group temp.periscope targets cambodia ahead of july2018 elections and reveals broad o fireeye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nkorosh8 that s amazing which added windows features have been your favorite over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tim2040 disappointing that iconews has missed the deadline on an foi i made about the close working relationship a famo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb17-02 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to fix the missed schedule post error in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity forex broker trade alerts of phishing websites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle agile product lifecycle management framework 9.3.4 apache remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'people stink at text-based passwords can graphical passwords keep us more secure online storagemojo explains how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-3492 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcafee_business before q2 comes to an end it s time we reflect on what we ve learned about the industry some key findings from ou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt topcybernews vision2020 is a growth story focusing the company enables us to shape the future and not to be shaped by the fu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'introduction to database joins with mariadb and mysql join examples' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'can graphical passwords keep us secure online' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'check point discloses how hackers could take over hundreds of millions of whatsapp amp telegram accounts in seconds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-3595 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-825-1 spice security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0238-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3108 vulnerability in the oracle fusion middleware component of oracle fusion middleware subcomponent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2017:0498 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2998-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emc data protection advisor installed nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will multicloud strategy help docker win the enterprise via forbes by janakirammsv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal vulnerability drools cve-2016-7041 directory traversal infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secuvera-sa-2018-03 command injection broken access control and evil-twin-attack in microsoft wireless d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tell us in a paragraph a sentence or a word what you think a cybersecurity and privacy certification should loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft dashboard und creators update gegen windows-10-kritiker' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox 0-day sql slammer goolian malware bypassing saml podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter will your employees passwords awaken the sleeping dragon of email security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2996-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kambomodern hey sunny can we answer any questions you may have we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1397-1 php5 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'idontgetttyd hi there we suggest adding chrome to the exception list as it needs to be accepted before it can run.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ruggerotonelli profecarlosleal security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aveva patches critical flaws in hmi scada tools following schneider merger' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress 2.8-4.7 accessibility mode cross-site request forgery csrf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'israeli tv broadcast hacked attackers played muslim call to prayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux postgresql binutils curl libtiff photonos-phsa-2018-2.0-0016 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter the best security features in windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gamerjew we appreciate long time users like you what have been your favorite new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linus always said linux was good at infinite loops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps visual link sharing websites builder script 2.1.0 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3091 vm_virtualbox vulnerability in the oracle vm virtualbox component of oracle virtualization' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why u.s navy operations department lead edward brown earned his ceh with infosec institute infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ndgallion we re glad you like it are you enjoying any other new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'june 2018 and windows server can be pwned with a dns request infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home chromecast leak location information threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google engineering lead on lessons learned from chrome s https push' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell sonicwall secure mobile access sma 8.1 csrf xss packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fdestin password reuse strikes again' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq apple-sa-2017-03-22-1 itunes for windows 12.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'has anybody else seen cryptocurrency mining malware delivered over ms sql' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd exim dkim private key leak e7002b26-caaa-11e6-a76a-9f7324e5534e nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday march 21st 2017 tue mar 21st' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hereshavi we re loving your excitement how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'funktgf thanks for the birthday wishes how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'loki bot malspam variations adobe patch grammarly fix windows protected folder bypass podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian police detained cybercriminals who broke into the accounts of 700 000 customers of popular internet stores' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-15429 inappropriate implementation in v8 webassembly js bindings in google chrome prior to 63.0.3239.108 a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vigilnce dotclear spoofing of password reset page' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'want to learn more about the holy grail of impenetrable apps then stop by symantec s dockercon ecosystem session' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. sandboxescaper expressed regret for releasing exploit code for a windows zeroday on twitter without disclosing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 libgc vulnerability usn-3197-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add beautiful event timeline in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 50 off cssigniter premium wordpress themes use coupon wpbeginner cost less than 2 theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isns server memory corruption vulnerability in microsoft windows server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5558 remote security vulnerability fusion middleware cve-2016-5558' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how deep learning is making computers better at guessing your passwords tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt seamushughes that awkward moment when you text your probation officer the blackmail extortion demand by mistake 6 million y' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ultimate form builder lite 1.3.7 xss sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla blog calendar sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows kernel ntsetwindowlongptr privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uber s self-driving trucks division is dead' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking macbooks leak disk encryption password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teddy powers of anomali teaching the good word of intelligence-driven response at sansinstitute sansfire 2018.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla hbooking 1.9.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2331-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'east of western mobile scripts sqli' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update util-linux suse-su-2018:2071-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ceremonialsxx we re glad to hear it how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability linux kernel 4.5.7 denial of service vulnerability29 nov.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soumikroy that s great have any specific windows features or apps stood out to you so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'script exploited in wordpress theme bypasses security sends spam during what was called a routine infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'templ4ya could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mbls flex cms 0.7.2 sql injection cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrtn_su hi martin sorry for any frustration or disappointment please private message the customer account name' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'home amp office minecraft color changing potion bottle brewing stand not required the little shatter infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jinjaninjamg that s great thanks for getting back to us how has the rest of your windows experience been for you lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft internet explorer and edge cve-2016-7282 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks on oracle weblogic servers detected after publication of poc code oracle weblogic servers are infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers find vulnerabilities in whatsapp that allow to spread fake news via group chats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee machine learning a key 2017 tool for socially engineered hacks infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'boyleafstudios we appreciate the feedback how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'capturing netntlm hashes with office dot xml documents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt wire if you re on ios then you can now open links sent in chats in brave or snowhazevpn browsers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'finding and exploiting bugs in an rpc service using advantech webacess scada as an example' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ship tracker a real-time map of ships that are broadcasting their location to the internet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10898 a vulnerability was found in openstack-tripleo-heat-templates before version 8.0.2-40.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to securezoo nginx wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _alias454 updated saltstack formula to install bro_ids network security monitor on rhel or debian based systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erikloomis athertonkd that was the cause of the split between the offical ira and the provisional ira the sticks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'justsystems ichitaro office excel file heap-based buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclemobile sant just desvern catalonia automating conversational interfaces with its citizens with oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd couchdb multiple vulnerabilities 1e54d140-8493-11e8-a795-0028f8d09152 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap enterprise financial services cve-2018-2436 remote authorization bypass vulnerability sap enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft windows 7 in 2017 is so outdated that patches can t keep it secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whalestormyt of course your feedback helps make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 serious iot vulnerabilities by kg4gwa iot home office' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'enter jakarta ee an inoculation against fear uncertainty and doubt in the java community' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arkarianthedurr you have many ways to install misp vms dockers ansible and so on but if you want to do it from' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsat will automatically be reinstalled after new updates in next windows 10 version infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lynis security auditing and hardening tool for linux unix systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows drm issue could be exploited to uncloak tor browser drm tor hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'just did 4 lines of code in java i feel dirty.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sage xrt treasury cve-2017-3183 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft reveals which windows bugs it might decide not to fix infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb remote code execution apache couchdb versions prior to 2.1.0 remote code execution proof of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 7 postgresql cesa-2016:2606' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foreign hackers broke into the czech foreign ministry czech hacking espionage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itsnikkigale we think the dell inspiron may be an excellent device to save up for let us know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to enshrined xceptn hydnj wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel vulnerability original release date august 06 2018 nccic is aware of a linux kernel infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is sms 2fa enough login protection text passwords sms 2fa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'programmer came up with a hilarious way to shut down dangerous windows scammers business insider infosec humor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp vulnerabilities let hackers alter messages whatsapp vulnerabilities let hackers alter messages infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284860 windows 10 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110489 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt donasarkar the is especially useful for our windowsinsiders who are it folks and developers please spread the word amongst' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'saw the on github in the readme of a junk vb .net rat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'important security practices for users to open microsoft office documents securely' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darling run macos applications without gui on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3049-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'responsive poll plugin 1.6.4 1.7.4 on wordpress cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'australia has proposed a dangerous law that would require software developers to comply with broad and secret gove' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gormagion are you able to identify which version of windows 10 you are currently running we d like to take a more in depth look at the.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitchellscomet hi maria have you try these steps on your browser go to gt settings gt advanced gt content settings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update virtualbox opensuse-2017-141' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nilsengineer neil_neilzone it was a poor choice of words on my part' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1826-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-7514 a cross-site scripting xss flaw was found in how the failed action entry is processed in red hat sa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emsisoft anti- malware offers 4-layered protection to windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aimbotmelvin that s an impressive amount of time what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability sonicwall universal management s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 java-1.7.0-openjdk cesa-2018:1278' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity tech coalition slams homeland security proposal to collect social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday bmc myit java system solutions sso plugin 4.0.13.1 cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec oracle peoplesoft hcm 9.2 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:1658-1 meltdown spectre nessus plugin id 110509 with medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap netweaver as java 7.4 icman denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybergibbons officialmcafee comedy gold.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update unzip opensuse-2018-709' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb16-10 multiple use after free remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'falco 0.11.1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious word documents using dosfuscation mon jul 30th since more than a week malicious word infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _stuxnet ios jailbreak hackerfantastic releases rebirth tool for ios 11.3.1 great job bro.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla catalog 1.0.7 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-10112 cross-site scripting xss vulnerability in the woocommerce plugin before 2.6.9 for wordpress allow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 2:docker 2017-dbc2b618eb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-8970 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'best new macbook pro touch bar apps adobe photoshop 1password and more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansforensics keep your work space up to date with the latest tools like the new windowsforensics poster always free to the com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows task scheduler alpc interface local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cujounited phishing campaign on office 365 business users leverages punycode via securityaffairs iot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ubersec windows batch file deobfuscation via sans_isc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe releases fix for actively exploited flash player zero-day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create sticky floating sidebar widgets in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with vr in your browser see the world like a grizzly editor s note support for origin trials of webvr infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meteo-qt an elegant weather app for linux desktops fossmint meteo-qt is a python 3 and qt 5-based applicat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter a vulnerability in google chrome could allow for arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 updates under fire from unhappy security admins' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201806-04 quassel multiple vulnerabilities nessus plugin id 110525 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 pdns-recursor 2018-76c82b393e nessus plugin id 110520 with medium severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql enterprise monitor 3.3.x lt 3.3.9.3339 3.4.x lt 3.4.7.4296 4.0.x lt 4.0.4.5233 multiple vulnerabi nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 gnupg2 libgpg-error 2018-84fdbd021f nessus plugin id 110598 with high severity synops' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lindsaythomasjr uh oh just to confirm have you also checked here to see if the password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thebrotagonist hi riley is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for monday june 11th 2018 mon jun 11th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leave backdoors open to cheap remote desktop protocol attacks according to new mcafee findings mcafee infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt csfi_dcoe microsoft looks to add security stability with windows 10 iot core services zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paul brown of linux_spain continues his systemd tutorials the time we re setting up a timer find out how here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk lt 7.0.1 information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-3169-4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issued security patches for recently discovered spectre and meltdown issues securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows 10 microsoftwindows windows10 child process restriction mitigatio 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using the browser setting leaves you vulnerable to hackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco asyncos for email security appliances mime header processing filter bypass cisco-sa-20161116-es nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4164 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'laylavirgo what is your blog s address if the password reset doesn t work then you need to submit the account recovery form.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yes of course all genders are at increased risk don t me bro.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chuckdbrooks recent attacks demonstrate the urgent need for c-suite cybersecurity expertise by chuck brooks v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'domino s pizza advises customers to change their passwords domino s pizza uk has emailed its customer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt campuscodi microsoft windows remote kernel crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows dnsapi ftp and other services let remote and local users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft word automation services execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability microsoft word automation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 thunderbird-enigmail 2018-fd67c19256 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'busted windows 8 10 update blamed for breaking brits dhcp bt plusnet subscribers told to reboot or infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-4243-1 cups security update nessus plugin id 111014 with high severity synopsis the re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'on bullshit and the oath of office the lol nothing matters presidency infosec itsecur' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 ruby euleros-sa-2018-1207 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hashcat advanced password recovery 4.2.0 source code tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bavohavon gotcha thanks for letting us know are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla j-businessdirectory 4.6.8 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt raj_samani want to join our mcafee_labs advanced threat research team we have two positions open plano and hillsboro for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polar fitness app broadcasted sensitive data of intelligence and military personnel the mobile fitness infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps themeforest clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14617 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is a null pointer de' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7689 lack of permission checks in the initializedevelpackage function in opensuse open build service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2150-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'merchguy how odd let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2387-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap business client unspecified security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shariqali23 awesome what have been your favorite changes to windows over that time' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s july critical patch update includes a whopping 334 security vulnerabilities including 61 rated critical' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desing by webkravat sqli vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'machete_1 thanks for being a part of it fernando how have you enjoyed being a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all the latest linux foundation linux foundation project news in one place' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'power grid security how safe are we by crypto_sec scada power security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln redhat ceph cve-2016-9579 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers claim chrome bug bounty paid to the wrong people' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:1772-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itshappydays music to our ears which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:2402 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'protest against trump s us travel ban leaves passwordscon in limbo theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ydklijnsma it s surprising the lack of understanding in infosec and devs about the dangers of 3rd party javascript' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update oracleasm kmp suse-su-2018:1503-1 spectre nessus plugin id 110339 with medium' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released windows 7 amp 8.1 cumulative updates kb4345459 amp kb4345424' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'manchapaginas are you receiving the password reset emails' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201807-01 tqdm arbitrary code execution nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel net mac80211 tx.c information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt inquest microsoft released a powershell front-end for the windows debugger engine dbgshell on github sounds like a helpf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adaptability is a valuable attribute in a captain docker desktop stable channel offers native kubernetes support' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus torbrowser firefox uaf use-after-free fbi s exploit code here reported cwe n a cve n a local no' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'render_ghost hi there can you check if you re experiencing the same issue in another browser let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter sigurnosni nedostaci programskog paketa chromium-browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stormy_joyce61 hello joyce are you still offline after the update we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opening graphical application with root permission gksu alternatives in ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'every hour in the field with customers is an hour well spent. qz poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google patched 34 browser bugs in chrome 67 the week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt stuallard nist released a new video called you ve been phished excellent psa for new-school security awareness training' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash avc processing out of bounds read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us could ask visa applicants for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel bug in cipso_v4_optptr lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 7 in 2017 is so outdated that patches can t keep it secure microsoft warns business infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ab8tn thanks for your support we can t wait to see what you do with windows 10 iot core.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajit pai defends decision to revoke low-cost broadband designations hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate list of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the chrome extension that firesheeps you by choice sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-16 libtiff multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security dos microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml ptls5::ls find span visual boundaries' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'noahcoffey what makes you say that noah we want you to have the best experience with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'addressing 100 of vulnerabilities is nearly impossible prioritize those with the highest risk with nessus cloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wedding slideshow studio 1.36 buffer overflow exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'state chief security officers share current plans advertise on it security news read the complete infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-133 microsoft office memory denial of service 3199168' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java and python have unpatched firewall-crossing ftp snafu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amit_mistry11 we appreciate the kind words have you checked out the other new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco prime collaboration provisioning open nice port lets remote users access the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'benleech2 welcome to team windows ben how has everything been so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee virusscan enterprise up to 8.8 patch 4 html file handler null pointer dereference buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter unpatched vulnerability in firefox used to attack tor browser wed nov 30th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian fisheye lt 4.3.2 oauth plugin iconuriservlet internal network resource disclosure csrf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smsnetwork we re here to help which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity sap patches five vulnerabilities in sap hana infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cybersnych rt securityaffairs dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distri' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gregbleers oraclechanginglives oracle has been so good to me and my family during a health crisis my desire to express gra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'florida court says password disclosure not protected by fifth amendment ruling contradicts earlier cases infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lawmakers target disappearing records two bills before the house oversight committee deal with the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2016 was another huge year for adobe flash attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tomgilchrist right on are you enjoying any specific features in windows 10 right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security uncloaking tor browser users with drm-protected files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-087 trend micro control manager ccgiservlet emailmessagedetected parameters sql injection remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3135-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update imagemagick opensuse-2018-690 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel pcpu_extend_area_map function use after free denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update bash suse-su-2016:2872-1 shellshock' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity cartenav to commercialize ge s isr computer vision amp video analytics infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday december 7th 2016 wed dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'day 1 of 12 days of deals let s go save up to 1 000 on select intel-powered windows10 pcs from microsoftstore:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap hana bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability sap hana bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k_ova sounds like you had a lot of fun are you still using windows today' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress strong testimonials 2.31.4 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3758-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'edward_mnl we love your excitement what other apps are you using on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'matthewcisler music to our ears are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'here s how the windows 10 creators update helps enterprises a few weeks ago microsoft unveiled its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome 52.0.2743.116 openjpeg denial of service overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux ubuntu coredump reading access bypass vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt taosecurity wonderful cyberhistory cliff stoll brought original acetate slides from 1987 that he briefed to nsa ctisummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'colinl hey colin is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dragandorian how exciting which device did you end up getting we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-1397-1 php5 security update nessus plugin id 110697 with high severity synopsis the remo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 ntp 2016-7209ab4e02 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xdg-utils opensuse-2018-573' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikko excellent footnote by the author of one of the more common real-time object detection systems overall it s a grea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gogigantic the gogigantic open beta is now live 24 7 on windows 10 and xbox one play free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt cmajor happy nationaldogday netsuite oracle my boys murphy amp teddy they make me smile everyday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday medical clinic website script sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day e' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m not sure about the mmo bros branding on the elder scrolls online advertising' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter powered by sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add featured images or post thumbnails in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na vmsa-2016-0024 vsphere data protection vdp updates address ssh key-based authentication issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts mozjs52 vulnerabilities usn-3749-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 still needs emet exploit protection us cert tells microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'senator calls on us government to start killing adobe flash now tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meineve not a concern in tor browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 resteasy-base cesa-2016:2604 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s poor reply to open letter on windows 10 update experiences earlier the week we reported on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4233-1 bouncycastle security update infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah derandomizing latest windows 10 kernel cve-2016-7255 exploit slides' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201703-02 adobe flash player multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asuswrt rt-ac750gf cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8972 aix vios' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch now to learn how sep mobile detects and protects against the broadest range of known and unknown threats' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bingobest cms sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security mini blog 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle openjdk runtime environment build 1.8.0_112-b15 denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.28 remote code execution vulnerability linux kernel 4.4.28 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'knighty654 excellent let us know if you have questions with the setup we re always just a tweet away' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux x86 dual network stack ipv4 and ipv6 bind tcp shellcode' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thomase hey thomas have you already tried these steps to change your default browser let us know if the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'damienernst1 sweet of you to say do you like any other features on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclefoodbev sunday is nationaldogday tweet us a picture of your pooch and of course make sure to give them some extra love' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm sterling connect up to 4.5.00 4.5.01 4.6.0.6 ifix008 4.7.0.3 on windows denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows limited bypass of traverse permissions in kernel object manager exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows com session moniker privilege escalation ms17-012 exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-3594 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.3 patches half-dozen vulnerabilities wordpress released version 4.7.3 which patches six infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thefrusko hi frusko have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '3.3 billion to support 3.1 million students the annual promise by oracle for the advancement of computer science' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft wordpad lets remote users bypass content blocking restrictions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle peoplesoft products flaws let remote users access and modify data and local users access data o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 libtiff ovmsa-2017-0036' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news hyperledger hit 100 members fastest growing collaborative project ever hosted by linuxfoundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8031 the tomee console tomee-webapp has a xss vulnerability which could allow javascript t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'waltmann13 hi there check out the article for tips on repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 ipv6 reverse tcp shellcode generator 94 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2015-4056 the system library in vce vision intelligent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review dns interception critical apache struts flaw cybersecurity career pathing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to build an email server on ubuntu linux postfix is a reliable old standby that is easier to configure an' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 24 drupal7 2016-1cc5edde49 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reorg includes clearance overhaul the plan would strip the office of personnel management of its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix bos.acct advisory suid_advisory.asc iv97810 iv97811 iv97896 iv97897 iv97898 iv97899 i nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blaupunkt smart gsm alarm sa 2500 kit 1.0 replay attacks packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update samba opensuse-2017-12' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt vvalien1 funfact you can disable netbios on windows with dhcp just set option 43 with the hex value 01 04 00 00 00 02' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'embedded javascript executes just viewing the crafted email in yahoo mail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps viral pictures and video script 2.0.0 id parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix 5.3 obtain information vulnerability ibm aix 5.3 obtain information vulnerability14 nov 2016 sum' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple_pro65 thanks for the info have a look at the guide about repairing chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux 2 libvirt alas-2018-1049 spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft here s how to limit foreshadow attack impact windows server admins using hyper-v have some infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'owncloud ios application 3.7.3 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows pop mov ss local privilege elevation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seriously come on 4465 words some in big letters too i mean come on what really applies to me as a personal u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seagullmouse just following up with you matthew are you still experiencing the issue after updating google chrome let us know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln google nexus broadcom wi-fi driver multiple privilege escalation vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.4 xen ovmsa-2016-0173' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1046' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress form maker plugin 1.12.24 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami python-crypto alas-2017-801 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ibm_in the united nations human rights office american red cross the linux foundation and ibm are issuing a global' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts linux vulnerabilities usn-3674-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft azure flaws exposed rhel instances infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln red hat jboss brms and bpm suite cve-2016-8608 incomplete fix html injection infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla catalog 1.0.7 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee atr team discovers new iot vulnerability in wemo insight smart plugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security bulletin mfsbgn03810 rev.1 universal cmdb deserialization java objects and csrf security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe linux-azure linux-gcp regression usn-3718-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'robo-supercar maker faraday future has invented something a new word for disrupt reformat the future infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office products august 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sudousrcode crandycodes adulau why not a dco then debian and gnome use it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phishers use zerofont technique to bypass office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8633 drivers firewire net.c in the linux kernel before 4.8.7 in certain unusual hardware co' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yellow pages clone 1.3.4 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mojomancer hey there you can learn more about activating windows 10 after a hardware configuration change here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.32-642 3.16.0-4 amp 039 inode amp 039 integer overflow 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowsdefender can help you better detect amp respond to threats in your network learn how in our webinar on 1 23' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4131 nessus plugin id 110527 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress user login log 2.2.1 plugin cross-site scripting vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux linux hacking kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ready to get publishing watch the video tutorial on how to create a page on your website or blog wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'week in review office 365 phishing compromising networks with malicious faxes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'programmer develops phone bot to target windows support scammers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thelastoperator fortnitegame it s vb .net' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2016:3146-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office cve-2017-0003 memory corruption vulnerability type vulnerability microsoft office is prone to a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5198 v8 in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.90 for linux and 54.0.2840.85 for android and 54.0.2840.87' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201701-19 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gravwell_io icymi during the blackhat defcon hubbub the detailed technical post goes in depth to perform bro_ids analytics u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7272 the graphics component in microsoft windows vista sp2 windows server 2008 sp2 and r2 sp1 windows 7' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows .lnk file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 libxml2 ncurses openldap ruby phsa-2017-0024 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gmarbon she uses different passwords the one quoted in an the extortion email was unique to a specific service.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elon musk and the unnerving influence of twitter s power users twitter has become a broadcasting hub for the elit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user impersonation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter packet storm new exploits for may 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fix chrome browser opens two tabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel ip_tunnel.c local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrisbuttenham mind if we jump in chris have you installed any extensions on your browser if yes try disabling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts icoutils vulnerabilities usn-3226-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5577 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome to get revamped soon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle java corba security bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt suarezphoto focus on the lightning strikes in the port of trieste last saturday stormhour severeweathereu stormchaserukeu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus hacking with sqlinj the sw used by hyatt and hilton to manage reservations and process payments nice poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1474-1 openssh security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zinadichoso directly for help else you can find general support for the version of wordpress you re using here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2016-2927-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3675-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2017:0498' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'esnc-2041217 critical security vulnerability in pwc ace software for sap security fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten there s been some recent malicious spam campaigns with password protected word documents so didierstevens s blog' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cureateak thank you for the kind words we love your support.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome v8 keyaccumulator bug exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '__alpesh we suggest reaching out to the google chrome forums for more specific help hope the gets resolved.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cms sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schneier warns of perfect storm tech is becoming autonomous and security is garbage theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter researchers ask guardian to retract whatsapp backdoor story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papa_zane ah gotcha we re glad to hear you re enjoying the speed of windows 10 how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sarahstv_hrw in the us secret evidence risks turning constitutional rights into nothing more than words on paper including w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. carlaschroder shows how to install and manage the software collections repository for centos:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-2887 ibm ims enterprise suite data provider before 3.2.0.1 for microsoft .net allows remote authenticated' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft sql server clr stored procedure payload execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired microsoft internet explorer xss filter security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for mongodb hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dramanetwork sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 2.0 linux phsa-2018-2.0-0072 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamheatherbates on what site is the is using the self-hosted wordpress software so it might be related to a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat security manager cve-2016-5018 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday linux rc.local payload persistence module exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-24 arbiitrary code execution and information disclosure vulnerabilities adobe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver information disclosure vulnerability ctx235225' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'do you know the top ranked programming language c c java python find out here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news hacker held open mongodb databases for ransom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat mod_cluster cve-2016-8612 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter classlink oneclick browser extension agent universal xss remote code execution topic classlink o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-10878 a flaw was found in the linux kernel s ext4 filesystem a local user can cause an out-o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking nordvpn packs an excellent vpn service and unique features into a reliable and friendly iphone app making it a cle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8645 the tcp stack in the linux kernel before 4.8.10 mishandles skb truncation which allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla com_rsgallery2 v1.6 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy dvd creator 2.5.11 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter javascript core arbitrary code execution topic javascript core arbitrary code execution risk high t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kalilinux announcing a new kali linux certification and a new official kali book to be released at blackhatevents usa 2017 https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how is oracle micros pos affected by cve 2018-2636' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'firefox is twice as fast as it was a year ago uses 30 less memory and offers real powerful private browsing with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aaren543 thanks for the birthday wishes aaren how have you been enjoying windows latley' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds with pcileech mac hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt otxmokomoko1 alienvault i have set up ossim in a vbox on a ubuntu distro but cant log in.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter chrome 56 patches 51 vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt techjournalist mcafee announces new mvision enterprise cyber-security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityholmes timeless debugging of complex software root cause analysis of a non-deterministic javascriptcore vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to apache_security nfocus_ltd artem_i_baranov infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows ndis cve-2018-8343 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln foxit reader for linux unspecified stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud as a mondaymotivation siddhant jain head of finance rht health trust india shares insights about the company s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shark_max1 that s amazing which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-9811 the windows_icon_typefind function in the windows_icon_typefind function in gst-plugins-ba' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'christakakuwa great we truly appreciate your feedback we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana remote authorization bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dupo24 thanks for submitting your feedback it allows us to make windows even better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xmamadreza oh no to help us better understand what make and model of windows device did the issue occur on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to ithemessecurity apache_security dinosn security wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows defender atp can help you better detect amp respond to security threats watch the on-demand webinar:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1949-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe reader lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-21 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday february 8th 2017 wed feb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how hack on 10 000 wordpress sites was used to launch an epic malvertising campaign theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln redhat keycloak cve-2016-8609 session hijacking vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gnupg unsanitized output cve-2018-12020 7da0417f-6b24-11e8-84cc-002590acae31 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt reverse4you_org shadowbrokers windows hacking tool leak' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to protect azure key vault resources azure key vault is an excellent solution for storing secrets infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stegano exploit kit hiding within gif-based browser ads remained largely undetected for 2 years report' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thumbs up for cybersecurity malaysia training excellence' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postgresql 9.2.x lt 9.2.20 9.3.x lt 9.3.16 9.4.x lt 9.4.11 9.5.x lt 9.5.6 9.6.x lt 9.6.2 multiple vulnerabiliti' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure download links sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'let s hope uber s new chief privacy officer lasts longer than the typical uber exec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201702-30 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'br3aking c0de 2017 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reddit hacked users urged to update their passwords and enable token-based 2fa reddit reports that its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brooseyboy sure thing keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news in brief snowden supporters petition obama ios onion browser free bank bans whatsapp sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issued security patches for recently discovered spectre and meltdown issues securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'olubiyiontheweb pretty cool right are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stolen passwords fuel cardless atm fraud some financial instutitions are now offering so-called infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen wyden calls for the removal of flash player from federal sites computers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle january 2017 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities weblogic server 10.3' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quadz school management system 3.1 sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wavyontwitch we re happy to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress mac photo gallery 3.0 arbitrary file download packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcmucca also make sure that you have javascript enabled in your browser ad-blocker extensions can sometimes block that.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jumpstart your microsoft graph security api integration with the new javascript sample app we just infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using an old dropbox password time for an update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity ransomware hacktivism dronejacking and other threat predictions from mcafee infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14613 an issue was discovered in the linux kernel through 4.17.10 there is an invalid pointer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i think there are some cleaning and fixing to do rutgersu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5206 the pdf plugin in google chrome prior to the pdf plugin in google chrome prior to 55.0.288' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas you can take advantage of cloud economics and scale for your hpc workloads with the oracle cloud iaas and ansys' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-6874 race condition in kernel ucount.c in the linux kernel through 4.10.2 allows local users to cause a d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the nsa successfully broke the encryption of vpns run by al jazeera the iraqi military and airline reservation sy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 44.0.2403.89 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dinosn windows privilege' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple security advisory 2018-06-01-4 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1 arbitrary file download topic wordpress dreamsmiths themes 0.0.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 0-day pops up out of nowhere twitter theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3414 vulnerability in the oracle advanced outbound telephony component of oracle e-business suite subcom' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln foxit reader for linux unspecified stack buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome layout out-of-bounds read vulnerability dos exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libpango 1.40.8 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new sql malware targets online shops running on magento' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-5387 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how chief customer officer dell s karenhquintos brings her whole self to work and what that means in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 libvirt rhsa-2018:2006 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows warning us exposes north korea government s typeframe malware infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security slip-ups in 1password and other password managers extremely worrying the register infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity security flaw detected in web version of whatsapp and telegram infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stealing passwords from mcdonald s users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a curious tale of the priest the broker the hacked newswires and 100m of insider trades' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec apache struts2 gui exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms16-136 microsoft sql server analysis services information disclosure 3199641' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pagekit 1.0.10 password reset cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moloa how odd we suggest trying the windows app troubleshooter did the help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 creators update steps up your security response' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt shannonrwatts at 2:45 am gunfire from multiple individuals broke out injuring 20 people who attended the arts event a 13-ye' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus 0-day code injection and persistence technique with doubleagent can exploit from win xp to win 10 h t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 diagnostics hub standard collector service privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious chrome browser extension steals users bank data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blaktron swiftonsecurity i d disagree with that assessment because i ve seen nobody actually do it whereas clipb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami yum-utils alas-2018-1057 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hackersclothing hardened centos script by frank caviggia infosec cybersecurity linux security hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt christiaanbeek happy to be part of the again together with aboutsecurity mcafee_labs atr team' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'andrewisiakpere we re not aware of any issues and everything is working on my end have you tried clearing your browser cache amp cookies' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anonymous collective brought down spain sites to support catalonia securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hpe application defender protects against critical struts exploit cve-2017-5638 learn more:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel cve-2017-18344 arbitrary-read vulnerability in the timer subsystem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sayonara north america insurance guy got your back when office 365 doesn t read the small print move infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new windows 10 preview with dark theme for file explorer microsoft has released infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cross-site request forgery in insert html snippet wordpress plugin fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec mobiketa complete mobile marketing 3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'after gdpr it s not just a compliance game anymore peter lefkowitz of citrix explains how it s changing the ent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8632 the tipc_msg_build function in net tipc msg.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 does not validate t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'outkast_ti cosco still have windows server 2003 boxes with iis and such will be interesting to see cause eventually.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft seeks to capitalize on recent spate of mongodb ransomware with its documentdb pitch microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thatonefashblog if not please email help wordpress.com and say to which site you want it mapped and we ll see what we can do.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin popup by supsystic 1.7.6 cross-site request forgery exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla announces firefox lockbox a face id-compatible password manager for ios mozilla announces infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'excellent growth of antivirus software market by 2025 key players evolve symantec mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paulsanders87 hi paul be sure to check out these tips to improve recognition with windows hello' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14430 the mondula multi step form plugin through 1.2.5 for wordpress allows xss via the fw_da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel network tcp bug fixed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2213 multiple unspecified memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new whatsapp vulnerabilities enabled hackers to alter messages sent in the app according to checkpointsw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'danielpaterson0 oh hey daniel yeah it s the 35 most popular password out there apparently' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'credential-stuffing attacks take enterprise systems by storm automated credential-stuffing attempts infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foxit reader lt 9.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bronze_frog the 2018 hackfu online challenge is now live at hackfu2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter talktalk and post office customers hit by mirai worm attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android phones expose sensitive data via internal system broadcasts security mobile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weaponized word document targets macos and windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4195 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa 2017 microsoft word intruders step outside office for the first time sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14607 thompson reuters ultratax cs 2017 on windows in a client server configuration transfers customer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1445-1 busybox security update nessus plugin id 111358 with high severity synopsis the remote debian' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader dc 15.017.20053 windows classic denial of service execute code overflow memory corruption overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'evilgrade the update exploitation framework 2.0.8 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5582 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microhard systems 3g 4g cellular ethernet and serial gateway open redirect packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 mingw-podofo 2018-2807317e7a nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i m guessing the germans already have a word for when your tv news channel accidentally orders you stuff on amazon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update nautilus suse-su-2018:1694-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all work and no play not at mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 memcached rhsa-2016:2819' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'desmondjong7 thanks for the info have you tried the steps in the guide to help fix chrome crashes:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 as a forensic platform microsoft windows is widely used by forensic professionals windows 10 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xfinity gateway cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mrtrav shortmsgserv bro_ids raspberry_pi check out sweet security runs bro_ids and feeds logs to elk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amitaiz that should not be the case the agent is only 140 mb for windows and 28 mb for mac installations.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insurance against ransomware threats section 1 introduction although there is a vast amount of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt greatestmindq if you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. les brown' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '7 best wordpress accordion plugins 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt microflashfic the tattoo read i left my hart in montana. it wasn t a typo she d grown up with a pet deer named albert and she' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dangoodin001 publicly released source code works reliably against a wide range of firefox versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt jbswiatkowska do you want to know how polish cybersecurity system looks like here comes a summary of the most important provisio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free exploit dos exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt idgcn denon marantz delights streaming music listeners w oracleservcloud amp iot by deepak_puri denona' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel net x25 x25_facilities.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap basis report for terminology export os command injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'izoldat send that and your ip address to help wordpress.com and update us here we ll check it out for you cheers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3151-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'karinamikhli our support team will investigate your report meanwhile you can d l chrome canary future version' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bibookishbabe can you please clear your browser s cache and try again also i suggest using our mobile app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome now features site isolation to defend against spectre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3246-1 eject vulnerability a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivatives ubu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add your wordpress site to google webmaster tools' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress comments import amp amp export plugin amp lt 2.0.4 csv injectio 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fpietrosanti new linux kernel feature to distrust cpu s random number generator that may have been compromised by nation state' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle announces acquisition of dyn darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pickyrunner if you re using your own copy of wordpress try searching for answers in the community forums first.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln dell sonicwall universal management suite sql injection vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity derbyshire computer hacker who broke into a company s emails is now helping it get secure infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news arista cloudvision portal bug revealed plus evidence it s been used' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability bigfix remote control c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stockdoc118 hi mark tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'twilighttram hmm let s try these steps go to settings on your device gt apps gt chrome gt storage downloaded gt clear cache gt restart any luck' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a brief interview with the shadow brokers the post doesn t have enough text content please click on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday dating script 3.25 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle bi publisher multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ra6bit officialmcafee the web page for it didn t even redirect to https there buddy i don t have much faith that your p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2015-5351 cross site request forgery vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter medical clinic website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.4 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0247 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mark shuttleworth dishes on where canonical and ubuntu linux are going next' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows loaduvstable buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update java-1_7_1-ibm suse-su-2018:1764-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stacy__x hi stacy we d like to look into the can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. linuxdotcom serves up the week s top oss news the round learn why fedora 25 is perfect for n00bs:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud as a mondaymotivation and everyday s inspiration boisestatelive share insights on their initiative of making edu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lenovo xclarity administrator 1.2.0 lxca password information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday oracle glassfish server open source edition 4.1 path traversal exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the week s show is up features nullzebra on china s hacker scene metlstorm on the pigopolist conspiracy to sei' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pew pew with value from oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel gets root-hole security patch for 12-year-old bug theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a pinterest browser button was leaking malformed code into any browser-based text editor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bakbakee try clearing your browser cache as a first step' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'prestonslegacy we like the way you think thanks for being such an awesome part of team windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-021 important security update for windows directshow 4010318 version 1.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase autonomous allows us to innovate while at the same time reduce risk. steve daheb svp thinkautonomous' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux arm execve amp amp quot bin sh amp amp quot amp amp quot bin sh amp amp 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe php exploit threatens wordpress sites with remote code execution threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update webkit2gtk3 opensuse-2018-845 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'northbankchris thanks for the update try creating a new chrome profile let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to better protect your whatsapp account with two-step verification 2sv via dmbisson' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8008 privilege escalation vulnerability in windows 7 and windows 10 in mcafee security scan plus ssp 3.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3712-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 content injection proof of concept' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvpcouple for what site is the is a self-hosted wordpress site so we re unable to help with that one.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syed_dawoodshah too cute huh how is the rest of your windows experience going lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 ruby 2018-a459acd54b nessus plugin id 110389 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when you trigger swiftonsecurity s linux shitposting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jimenezjariel we re so happy to hear it how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 60 off css hero easiest way to customize your wordpress site limited time deal blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kingfah97471009 music to our ears how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-2636 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password spraying as we are witnessing many organizations moving aggressively towards cloud-based infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection topic wordpress plugin plainv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows ntfs access control flaw lets local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xorg-x11-libx11 suse-su-2016:3054-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weyland76 hi matt have a look at the article about checking chrome s connection to a site hope the helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'valimazarescu we re glad to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'there s only 1 reason to be in sanfrancisco next week dockercon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cosmicfunkonaut hey there what makes you say that we want you to have a great experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac no tool fits all why building a solid toolbox matters webcast dive deeper in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter an insecure platform whatsapp can read user s secure messages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iamthe_evanso got it try resetting your old chrome profile settings to default and see if that helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'for the middle school teacher timing is everything a short story via humansofny poweredbywordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _xpn new blog post showing how to escape the sandbox used by microsoft office for macos hopefully useful for redteams t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alisaesage bad news for exploit writers certain browser tech graphics related does not work inside a vm at least with defa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theophite probably a good practice to put 20 in your password just to screw up any site attempting to pass it as a get param.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers hijacking your whatsapp messages images we barely worried about our whatsapp s cybersecurity as infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel sound core pcm_lib.c local use after free memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xbox get gearsofwar4 m on xboxone and windows10 now 50 off at cybermonday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'geovision gv-snvr0811 directory traversal geovision gv-snvr0811 suffers from a directory traversal vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2017:0625-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows os is still full of holes but microsoft s making serious efforts to fix it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how infosec institute alum val vask stays current on pentesting amp scada standards infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coming january 2017 save 50 when you preorder the kubernetes fundamentals course from the linux foundation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'forgotten your password don t login at all chet chat podcast 271 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle issued security patches for recently discovered spectre and meltdown issues securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2576-01 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security kb login authentication script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pzr we ve come so far since then thanks for being a loyal user which apps or features in windows 10 are you currently enjoying' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to update urls when moving your wordpress site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe flash player lt 30.0.0.113 apsb18-24 nessus plugin id 110979 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt aderbenwick steve miranda demonstrates a taste of heaven for many managers the ability to do approvals in oracle hcm and erp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter true key by intel security adopts windows hello' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security adobe quietly bundles data-collecting chrome extension with latest reader update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what will gdpr mean for websites using nefarious web trackers such as browser fingerprinting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5547 drivers hid hid-corsair.c in the linux kernel 4.9.x before 4.9.6 interacts incorrectly with the conf' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update mariadb opensuse-2016-1417' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'patch tuesday delayed update arrives as microsoft signals end of windows vista welcome back delayed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 tiff image buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-9592 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nikol_ah hmm okay let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dukemetaldesign thanks for your patience to clarify which version of windows are you using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'liferay portal server-side request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt chatelle_lynch bring your kid to work day was a success in santa clara the week great seeing mcafee carry out different initiati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla je k2 multiple form story 1.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google releases security update for chrome original release date june 07 2018 google has released c' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity samri10 windows 10 hardening tool for thwarting network recon infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1465-1 blender security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hotdogalicia amazing are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans advanced pentest webcastweaponizing browser-based memory leak bugsby steph3nsimsavailable now record' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security local apache couchdb 2.0.0 local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptominer discovered in andy android emulator for windows a cryptocurrency miner was discovered in infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft office cve-2016-7266 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'officialmcafee long life to john hugs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos macos ios javascript injection bug in officeimporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 9 10 11 mshtml domimplementation type confusion e 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities multiple sap products multiple' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isilon onefs web interface detection nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos 10.13.x lt 10.13.6 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps alstrasoft e-friends 5.12 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'what i love about the is the black tape over three words down the bottom i mean what was written there that made' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-5174 in the windows 10 april 2018 update windows defender smartscreen honors the see_mask_flag_no_ui fl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt geeknik rock960 review an affordable six-core arm board that runs linux and android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iphone hacking campaign using mdm software is broader than previously known' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday tor browser firefox remote use-after-free fbi exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugins could expose online shoppers on black friday and cyber blackfriday wor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'old ios vulnerability spotted in nintendo switch browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iot modules and sbcs can often be used interchangeably learn more from eric brown' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious javascript targeting mobile browsers mon jun 18th a reader reported a suspicious piece of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt appsruntheworld oracle cto larryellison implores users to thinkautonomous when it comes to running one s database data warehouse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1860-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flashback friday pakistani brain the month s flashback friday takes us back to the beginning infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday joomla multitier 3.1 component sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ripstech warning unpatched wordpress vulnerability allows authors to takeover site wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bijeshtank hi bijesh we recommend posting the in the chrome developer community for further help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft released windows 10 cumulative updates kb4345421 amp kb4345420 microsoft has just released new infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4244-1 thunderbird security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leslitgs welcome to windows 10 leslie let us know if you have any questions we d be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleerpcloud exclusive webcast join oracle netsuite amp hear how your org can benefit from the combined resources-dec 1st 10a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office vulnerabilities used to distribute felixroot backdoorin recent campaign infosec security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windowsill_221b we re collecting feedback ehre please take a moment to post your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thehackersnews hackread zero-day content injection vulnerability found in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network alpha version of sandboxed tor browser released' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fail fast fix fast foster innovation with an automated production-like mysql database part ii the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress olimometer 2.56 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter packet storm new exploits for december 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6468 local security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhba-2017:0163-1 openstack-nova bug fix advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0005' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday january 11th 2017 wed jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft december patch release has fix for windows 10 internet connection problems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 java-1.7.0-oracle rhsa-2018:2254' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7458 vmware vsphere client 5.5 before u3e and 6.0 before u2a allows remote vcenter server and esxi instan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln candidate-application-form wordpress plugin cve-2015-1000005 arbitrary file download vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apple-sa-2018-7-9-7 itunes 12.8 for windows fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vvuk that s what we like to hear have any other windows 10 features caught you eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3286 local security vulnerability e-business suite cve-2017-3286 lo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3736-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin plainview activity monitor 20161228 command injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'j00ru thank you excellent work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux project patches 11-year-old security flaw that gives attackers root access' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'it s now 2017 and your windows pc can still be pwned by a word file theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome timeline extension removed over windows trademark infringement the free windows timeline infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity lastpass hit by password stealing and code execution vulnerabilities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kmkz_security excellent slides on wmi lateral movements technics by philiptsukerman' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thank you to susejapan for being a platinum sponsor of open source summit japan the week ossummit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1443-1 evolution-data-server security update nessus plugin id 111315 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt codecolorist i just published cve-2018 8412 ms office 2016 for mac privilege escalation via a legacy package' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd drupal code multiple vulnerabilities 8db24888-b2f5-11e6-8153-00248c0c745d nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-5214 google chrome prior to 55.0.2883.75 for windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'm4ngl3m3 a common password pattern generator using strings list' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zipnite hmm okay let s have you try the windows blue screen troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security news 10 essential powershell security scripts for windows administrators' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress fancybox for wordpress plugin full path disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how microsoft s windows red team keeps pcs safe wired' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seaniemc1 hi seanie let s try the steps in the guide to repair chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mikkotweets2013 have you ever surfed the web with ie chrome or safari us government could know where you went prism' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'will your employees passwords awaken the sleeping dragon of email security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'automatic user provisioning and deprovisioning now available for more apps the azure active directory infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shark_max1 pretty cool right are you currently a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bohops blog capturing netntlm hashes with office dot xml documents just a little fun before hacker summer camp kic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking apple mac encryption password in just 30 seconds with pcileech mac hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'markdbennett we re glad you re enjoying it have any other apps in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webroot announces integration with brightgauge' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-10611 java remote method invocation rmi input port in ge mds pulsenet and mds pulsenet enterprise versio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ktwriteswords hi katie we wanted to check in how are things running after the upgrade we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'has it been a week windowsinsiders guess so head over to the blog for news on the next bug bash see why you ll' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking malware allows bad guys to lock reset phone passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update security dsa 4256-1 chromium-br' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vaultpress plugin 1.8.4 on wordpress php code execution privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'br0nnyxp excellent choice let us know if you d like any gaming recommendations in the future when was your fir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday march 10th 2017 fri mar 10th infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt standa_t a debugview-like open source tool you may like the if you are messing around with windows on arm64 where debugvi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last day to propose a presentation for brocon 2018 brocon2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.4.0 ubuntu dccp double-free privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windows 10 mail app update lets you draw your emails' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'katiegal92 perfect we think the msi gs73vr may be an excellent match let us know what you think' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out if docker containers are the right way to go for your organization by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your business ready for the advances and challenges of the next decade get a clearer vision of the future with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin tagregator 0.6 cross-site scripting exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component medialibrary basic 3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eff to patent office don t make it harder to kill bad patents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitvise ssh server installed nessus plugin id 110293 with info severity synopsis a remote access server is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm sterling connect up to 4.5.00 4.5.01 4.6.0.6 ifix008 4.7.0.3 on windows privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'playersala thank you for the birthday wishes carlos have you been working on any cool projects with windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cert tells microsoft to keep emet alive because it s better than win 10 s own security theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter centos 5 6 7 thunderbird cesa-2016:2825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.19 had a very exciting first week of new features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schoolhos cms v2.29 userberita sql injection vulnerability fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nanennaxxxvii hi there can you check amp confirm that you re logged into your chrome profile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla je form creator 1.8 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install gitlab on debian 8 jessie howtoforge gitlab is a web-based management and collaboration sof' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'msft patch tuesday os x security tools code verification fail google chrome restricts extension i podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tkkjohanson hi teija what version of chrome are you using to check go to your address bar and type in chrome: version keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taniaruby2207 we appreciate your kind words your feedback helps us get even better how have you been enjoying th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'timfrenchman hi tim that doesn t sound good could you try clearing the chrome browsing data select time range a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter linux kernel up to 3.x strict page permission handler arch arm64 kernel sys.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.1 fixes csrf xss phpmailer vulnerabilities a new wordpress update pushed the week infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'find out how mcafee and ciso grantbourzikas are working on improving diversity in cybersecurity by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity astronauts develop worse vision after long trips in space and scientists think they know infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt michalpurzynski go and watch my talk how network security monitoring stays relevant in 2018bro ids and suricata at mozilla' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln ecava integraxor cve-2016-8341 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1824-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity more than 8 800 wordpress plugins out of 44 705 are flawed infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6663 unspecified security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome 56 will show not secure warning for websites infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews it s happening starting today google chrome will mark all http websites as not' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos adobe flash metadata parsing out-of-bounds read exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows vista has just 30 days to live' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dsa-3776-1 chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm aix cve-2016-8972 local privilege escalation vulnerability vios 2.2.3ibm vios 2.2.1 4' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts urge rapid patching of apache struts flaw for which there is already exploit code available.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk infosec itsecuritynew' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ens sql injection vulnerabilites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle peoplesoft hcm 9.2 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nginx debian-based gentoo distros root privilege escalation cve-2016-1247 update fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adamsonsl hi scott could you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the same issue while browsing in incognit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami kernel alas-2018-1046' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter talktalk customers urged to change wi-fi passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'registration is open for free oracle quickstartliveevents live virtual training from the experts oracle_edu v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-3932 an exploitable stack-based buffer overflow exists in the microsoft word document conver' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleugs are you registered for the oracle developer community lad tour mexico 2018 on august 24 hosted by oramexico' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_bel_chan hello are you able to share more with us which version of windows the is happening on we d love to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle glassfish open source edition demo feature default password lets remote users access the target' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday itech real estate script 3.12 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel sound core timer.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft blocks embedding settingcontent-ms files in office 365 docs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'so long and thanks for all the fixes erpscan left out of credits on oracle bug-bash list' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook bb 71 api uxss via ms internet explorer 11' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer-plugins-good opensuse-2017-93' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'github password checking security tool will check your password for breaches having strong passwords is infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google fixes 12 high-severity flaws in chrome browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats predictions report previews cyber threats for 2017 and beyond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to chris_germano seclabor itrcsd wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djdenve8 okay understood how has the rest of your windows experience been otherwise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln splunk enterprise cve-2016-10126 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threat network microsoft silently fixes kernel bug that led to chrome sandbox bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dinosn darryl_macleod srita_karen infosec nginx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'behavioral research showing consumers choosing paswordless mfa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add keywords and meta descriptions in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'complaint alleges assistant police chief disclosed 48 officers personal data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker gold rush deletes 27 000 mongodb databases' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kawaiisays we re glad to hear a fresh install cleared everything up how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'simon_jthompson we re glad to have you back when was your first time using a windows device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'aix openssh advisory openssh_advisory9.asc nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter windows 10 cannot protect insecure applications like emet can' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nsa hasn t closed security windows snowden climbed through sophos espionage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-8666 stack overflow denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'teehee just noticed windows defender prompts people to setup onedrive now for some ransomware protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2017 is going to be a pretty transformative year in the vulnerability management industry ayoran vulnman rsac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4273-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt arcadian_o folks come and work for privacyint for a year we are looking for a legal and a policy officers to join us for a m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dashlanesupport i received the is the something you can fix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2079-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'does anyone ever think about how much global warming would be reduced if linux developers provided compiled binarie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i ve just ordered a gdpr handbook to which the u.k iconews has written a foreword i ll be posting an objective review of the book.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krausedw amazonecho johullrich we are having issues with amazon s approval process seems broke check if you see two versions for isc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'f5 big-ip apm client for linux macos svpn and policyserver components let local users obtain root privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8814 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel mode layer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity how do the linux kernel memory protection features on android work infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201702-03 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter javascript core arbitrary code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kurustyn you win bro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shift f10 during windows 10 updates can bypass bitlocker windows has long had a troubleshooting feature infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jenkins lt 2.121.2 2.133 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zemlin across all our projects at the linux foundation we focus on the same goal to be the best upstream for a v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware workstation 14.x lt 14.1.3 out-of-bounds write vmsa-2018-0022 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle mysql 5.5.52 execute code bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.2 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link tl-wr841n v13 insecure direct object reference packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cactustorch fileless threat abuses .net to infect victims by debasish mandal mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux arm reverse ::1:4444 tcp shell bin sh ipv6 shellcode 116 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keydiddy10 if there is a demand we ll work on it meanwhile tracking protection is built into private browsing in firefox 4 android ada' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_agtlucas ah gotcha how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln eclinicalworks patient portal cve-2017-5569 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1410-sa154 apache httpd vulnerabilities june 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 vim phsa-2017-0007 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'looks at clock logs off work disappears into space forever' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update libqt4 suse-su-2018:1902-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 qemu-kvm elsa-2018-2001 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'massive breach at data broker exactis exposes millions of americans' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drupal 8.x lt 8.5.6 symfony risky http header restriction bypass vulnerability sa-core-2018-005 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache couchdb lt 2.1.0 remote code execution cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new email campaign includes a microsoft office publisher file with malicious urls leading to the flawedammyy rat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update kernel-firmware opensuse-2018-590 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt s_a_brooks understanding what a microservice needs makes it easier to spot anomalous attack behaviours. lizrice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk 15.x lt 15.2.2 denial of service vulnerability ast-2018-006 nessus plugin id 110568 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4277-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mememart thanks for confirming we suggest reaching out to the google chrome forums for further insights' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mariadb 5.5.x lt 5.5.52 multiple vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s decision to retire emet security tool is myopic microsoft s claim that windows 10 made infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft windows media center ehshell.exe xml external entity vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm java sdk cve-2018-1517 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lebolger charlsmartin amazon googlechrome we wish you to try fox pr pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple local memory corruption vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt hansesecure port forwarding in windows with native netsh infosec pentest exploitdev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'james_mcl2000 we love your excitement james are you currently using windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings experts urge rapid patching of struts bug krebs on security see m' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338829 windows 10 july 2018 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcan42 andreabarisani securelyfitz swordofomen cybergibbons' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mwc2017 lenovo announces a new lineup of windows10 devices amp services built for mobility:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday joomla com_rpl sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day expl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india needs a full-proof cybersecurity ecosystem mcafee official' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is dns how to change dns records wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-5558 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google releases security updates for chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update tiff opensuse-2018-677' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'def con update researcher shows how to hack vpn services via voracle attacks all of us think of vpns as infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '27k mongodb instances have now been hacked the post doesn t have enough text content please click on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ameotomee yes have a look at the guide to change the chrome language does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poppupwriter thanks for doing that melissa how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'several 4digit amp 6digit pin codes which do not make an appearance in troyhunt billion pwnedpassword list as it is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt realtcr csr at oracle is really strong hearing how globally life is changing in rural areas shows what corporations should' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6817 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln linux kernel cve-2016-10088 incomplete fix multiple local memory corruption vulne' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kizzybits try clearing your browsing data including the downloads once done restart the chrome does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dboy591 understood we re constantly searching for ways to refine windows make sure to log your experience and fe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paul9834 we love your excitement how is your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts dnsmasq update usn-3716-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhysiecupcake okay we completely understand are you able to identify the last windows update that was successful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see why alienvault has been named a visionary in the latest gartner magic quadrant for siem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt dbarnardwills we are pleased to announce that trilateral research has been recently appointed as the data protection officer dp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jovinetv that s really awesome have any windows features been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high usn-3189-2 linux kernel xenial hwe vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ithemes security sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 firefox cesa-2018:1415' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatpost news wrap february 24 2017 mike mimoso and chris brook recap rsa and discuss the news of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 perl-archive-zip 2018-ebebe9abe2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unlock wordpress admin login disable protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe patches critical flaws in flash player reader and acrobat networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 libmspack 2018-e1adecd46c nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2410-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-14324 the demo feature in oracle glassfish open source edition 5.0 has tcp port 7676 open by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2181-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for tuesday december 6th 2016 tue dec infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'facebook announces 2018 internet defense prize winners facebook the week announced the winners of its infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps bistrostays 3.0 guests parameter sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'avanansecurity apwg apwg_eu zerofont phishing attack can bypass office 365' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 notepad is getting updated with modern features' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'heytoucan affected please see if clearing your browser cache helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday blackstratus logstorm 4.5.1.35 4.5.1.96 remote root exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt flashpointintel our davidshear discusses his discovery of hundreds of public trello boards exposing passwords and other sensitive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euro patent office prez a disgrace to france battistelli s agency also slapped down by international infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'see how your unique looks are the key to faster and safer log in with windows hello on windows10pro:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update tigervnc suse-su-2017:0519-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mahaalrasheed_ sansforensics excellent congratulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _nullbind blog tokenvator a tool to elevate privilege using windows more nice work from a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 54 pdfium killfocusforannot buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows uac protection bypass via slui file handler hijack exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter borked browser baked into nintendo switch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scientific linux security update kernel on sl6.x i386 x86_64 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ab8tn hi david it s true we have all the info on windows 10 iot core here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2x73_rblx amazing are you enjoying any new apps or features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'decrease in patch rates points to broken software supply chain ian barker betanews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq joomla com_frontpage component itemid parameter sql injection vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress tooltipy 5.0 cross site scripting exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas . myoceanx data platform helps power the subscription economy with oracle cloud iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt guhe120 google chrome pdfium shading drawing integer overflow lead to rce from 360 vulcan team bee13oy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apple to produce data center cabinets at defunct gt advanced sapphire plant' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday ismartviewpro 1.5 password buffer overflow exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 remote denial of service vulnerability red hat ceph cve-2016-8626 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update xen opensuse-2018-911 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'yahoo s password move may put verizon deal at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'db wordpress lt 4.9.6 authenticated arbitrary file deletion unpatched' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sled12 sles12 security update ceph suse-su-2018:2478-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt michalpurzynski go and watch my talk how network security monitoring stays relevant in 2018bro ids and suricata at mozilla' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beware office 365 users are being targeted using a simple yet effective technique which helps cybercriminals bypa' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eitest corners chrome users with social engineering delivers fleercivet trojan there are numerous ways infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkuncle malwarejake 1password what happens if a user loses their phone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle autonomous data warehouse and oracle analytics cloud together enable fast access to a sophisticated set of' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome out-of-bounds memory write error lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1709 child process restriction mitigation bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:2161 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus here the amazing list of the malwaremustdie research list of linux malware amp botnet congrats malwaremustdie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity shadow brokers now selling windows av exploits in new zeronet marketplace infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 as a forensic platform infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update issued after critical rce vulnerable found in core of apache struts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update bouncycastle opensuse-2018-628 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chosensigner hello lori how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user impersonation vulnerability apache kafka cve-2017-12610 user impersonation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marioskaratzias it is disappointing the us administration does not recognize the danger turkish aggression poses for the region aga' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local councils it security entirely inadequate national audit office finds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rajganesh0072 thanks for your support for windows 10 we appreciate it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if you like a lightning fast linux distribution with a debian base you can t go wrong with elive:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 6 7 java-1.6.0-openjdk rhsa-2017:0061' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3203-1 gtk-vnc vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'canonical sues cloud provider over unofficial ubuntu images' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'save 70 off siteground get a free domain limited time deal wordpress blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4193 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleai with the ability to make sense of the world s data and carry out multiple functions w o human input ai is alread' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create an image gallery in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sk hynix and seagate exploring flash hookup product meet devs and distro right comment sk hynix has infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unlock wordpress admin login disable protection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nyasirwa that s fantastic which windows features are you enjoying the most right now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp2 gnupg2 euleros-sa-2018-1221 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3277 remote security vulnerability oracle e-business suite cve infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft tells enterprises that windows 7 isn t fit for purpose' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt 0xalexei spending some time the week reading 5aelo s excellent phrack article attacking javascript engines highly reco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2016-5198 v8 in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.90 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'eff to court protect free speech from overbroad use of dmca in order to make remix videos do computer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'curbles excellent make sure to check out all the new features coming in the creators update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 ghostscript cesa-2017:0014' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mvision our new portfolio of device-to-cloud defense systems includes mvision epo endpoint and mobile to cover' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken authentication cve-2018-12575 bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter adobe fixed critical vulnerabilities in flash and shockwave' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bitdefender inside of a voting machine the guys from the voting machine hacking village brought new machines the year defcon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2016-3648' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'subtee michaeldunten geeknik yep plus you need to have a weakened struts config for the to work.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asterisk 15.x lt 15.2.2 denial of service vulnerability ast-2018-006 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scott_wakelin looks like a great vacation spot have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos7 kernel crashing by rsyslog daemon vulnerability dos' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to toucodirect mza dinosn wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why you need to start blocking 3rd party scripts in your browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jude_c we re thrilled you re enjoying it are you using windows 10 to work on any cool projects at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'moddedhalo hi there can we answer any questions you may have we want you to enjoy your experience with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vengeful hacker exposes domainfactory customer banking data and passwords hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'melaninmyla hi there tell us more about what s going on with chrome we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'archaicking2 excellent are you enjoying windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mirai bots cyber-blitz 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4191-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security windows 10 anniversary update security and privacy hope and change infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-gcp linux-kvm linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3752-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'regirivaldi hi regi a new version of chrome is now available that fixes the learn how to update here thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oraclevm 3.3 3.4 sudo ovmsa-2016-0170' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to wopot contatojinn brianbaulch wordpress linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'photon os 1.0 linux phsa-2018-1.0-0174 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt talossecurity going to rsa make sure to register for the talos luncheon and hear from matt olney on threat interdiction' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'have i been pwned now built into firefox 1password darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center millions exposed to malvertising that hid attack code in banner pixels arstechnica' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jlcastleman hi jennifer check out the article for fixing connection errors in chrome see your connection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp denies encrypted messages can be intercepted' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity mcdonald s website flaw exposes user passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6794 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-8821 all versions of nvidia windows gpu display driver contain a vulnerability in the kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kbn_au pretty neat right are you working on any amazing projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cryptkeeper bug the linux encryption app cryptkeeper has a rather stunning security bug the single infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln multiple mcafee products cve-2016-8006 local authentication bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt justincormack wireguard submission to linux netdev' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'practicalgamer excellent choices how many solo wins have you had in fortnite so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi linux vuln patched that enables local code execution can also allow an attacker to crash a server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fldbg a pykd script to debug flashplayer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi a zero-day flaw recently disclosed in microsoft s windows task scheduler could enable a bad actor to gain el' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security dsa 4256-1 chromium-browser security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm qradar siem up to 7.2.6 password storage weak encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'smartshop 1 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rsa 2017 sophoslabs sees spike in linux-iot malware sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fan of kfc here s some finger-licking good advice for your password change it now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'struppigel the new version seems incompatible with default-jre on ubuntu 14.04 previous one was ok any chance yo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update x window system client libraries opensuse-2016-1420' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter does your generation pose an office security risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai iot malware uses aboriginal linux to target multiple platforms' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wetransfer clone script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jordan_jh hi what s the site address do you have better luck with a different browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lavados native code or from javascript makes no real difference.also had a countermeasure in our submission short versio' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we are discussing the splunk add-on for umbrella investigate in one hour don t miss out register now:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rothgar that s amazing justin have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye yet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2240-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shellcode linux reverse shell shellcode 66 bytes exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gn3mes1s secure host baseline configuration guidance and files in support of the dod windows10 secure host baseline' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 25 python-tornado 2016-24478a88fe nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8008 apache storm version 1.0.6 and earlier 1.2.1 and earlier and version 1.1.2 and earlier expose an ar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper x lt 3.4.10 3.5.x lt 3.5.4 missing authentication remote quorum joining vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2526-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical vulnerability in oracle database patch without delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'monstra-dev 3.0.4 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 one-to-one fulfillment privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt lorenzofb dear apple why do you limit apple id passwords to 32 characters feel free to give the answer under embargo to t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using docker with other tools like nginx jenkinsci or postgresql here s everything you need to know.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5537 the password reset form in weblate before the password reset form in weblate before 2.10.1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows uniscribe information disclosure cve-2017-0122' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt osourcecraft missed our interview w linuxpundit where he discusses the linuxfoundation amp opensource methodology watch here https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln multiple sap products multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities multiple sap products multi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows limited bypass of traverse permissions in kernel object manager' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'changing wordpress themes how to transfer seo settings with seo data transporter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install zabbix and add remote hosts on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'papers buffer overflow for windows egghunter exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update mozillafirefox suse-su-2018:1820-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shraman38 hi shraman try the steps in the guide to help with the see chrome doesn t offer to save a password' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter joomla component com_docman gid parameter sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to achieve autonomous amp optimized hunting amp detection 9 13 10:30am et secbi mbromileydfir' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'babylonslament that s wonderful adam let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player type confusion error lets remote users execute arbitrary code and out-of-bounds memory read' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin with 1 million installs has critical flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affect' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cisco security advisory cisco webex browser extension remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt markvhurd investing in millennials makes sense for oracle does your company have a plan to serve the largest generation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tdmag 40 of cybersecurity professionals have game-based training at least once a year according to a recent mcafee stu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pandasgoingwild ah gotcha that s impressive have you been using windows to work on any school projects lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for exchange jun 2018 nessus plugin id 110642 with medium severity synopsis the microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rdot89 we re happy to hear everything s resolved how long have you been a windows pc gamer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kylahsia googlechrome microsoftedge hi can you make a screen shot to see the display thanks in advance -hellosct1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 7 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2089' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talk talk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2016-0178 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps themeforest clone script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peter_bogert gotcha how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'madushan1000 thanks for noticing what else are you enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 git-annex 2018-7e8c49a451 nessus plugin id 111015 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'themeenit thank you for the birthday wishes how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical flaws patched in isp advanced digital broadcast broadband devices security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kb4284880 windows 10 version 1607 and windows server 2016 june 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110491 with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-7879 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps joomla component magic deals web 1.2.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers selling windows exploits attack tools threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2015-8966 arch arm kernel sys_oabi-compat.c in the linux kernel before 4.4 allows local users to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theparallax porn extortion scam surfaces breached passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spjeff we re so glad you re a fan how are you staying organized with windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security update security dsa 4250-1 wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle goes live with cloud blockchain platform the blockchain cloud service is already in use for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security researcher hacks anti tracking amp pro privacy brave brave hacking privacy' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracledatabase you only pay for the infrastructure that you use that s one reason why we can guarantee to cut your amazon infras' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to colorlib maldevel hostcompared1 wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt haveibeenpwned new breach the mmorpg game mortal online was hacked and 570k email addresses and cracked passwords were subsequent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt gogigantic the gogigantic open beta is now live 24 7 on windows 10 and xbox one play free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'highhatfilmpod if not you ll need to clear your browser cache and cookies please copy the draft into a text file before doing the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome bug allowed hackers to find out everything facebook knows about you thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na usn-3148-1 ghostscript vulnerabilities a security issue affects these releases of ubuntu and its derivative' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache struts 2.3 to 2.3.34 and 2.5 to 2.5.16 remote code execution poc cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin comments import amp export lt 2.0.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mayahuel_t no problem we can help please send a note to help wordpress.com so we can have a look.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts unbound vulnerability usn-3673-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to switch between different versions of commands in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'with oracle autonomous data warehouse cloud create a database instance load your data and visualize in minutes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'codetillamgone music to our ears how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'talktalk and post office routers hit by cyber-attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kathless do you mean a password reset link keep trying to get us on chat since that ll be the fastest way to get' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-2069 tlb flush local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe issues patch for actively exploited flash player zero-day exploit thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017 symantec network protection products that include a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'estes_rickey hi rickey that sounds amazing which apps and features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2017-0041 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt helpnetsecurity don t start the blockchain revolution without making security a top priority mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings tokenvator a tool to elevate privilege using windows tokens see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel usbhid hiddev.c local heap buffer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us-cert warns of new linux kernel vulnerability linux dos attack vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 bitlocker can be bypassed during upgrades microsoft seeking fix mark coppock digital trends' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'raymondtylerm we cannot help via dm but you can email help wordpress.com and we d be happy to help there.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows .lnk file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews google blocks all 3rd-party websites from using inline installation method to push chrome browser extensions with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ride in style in an oracle cloud model x open to all aws reinvent attendees follow us at oraclefreerides to r' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers in finland detect vulnerability in password management software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skype empresarial office 365 16.0.10730.20053 denial of service skype empresarial office 365 version 16.0.10730' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress wp-json content injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0da' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'us charges 12 russian intelligence officers for hacking dnc running dcleaks the us department of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jojosier628 hi what is your site address more information can be found at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'k_ova wow thank you for sticking with us all these years which new features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5189 google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update glibc opensuse-2018-567' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt myhackerhouse excellent point my friend charlestendell hacker hackerfantastic is so inspiring to work with hacktheplaner' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-155 important security update for .net framework 3205640 version 2.0 severity rating infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'today we held our annual memorial ceremony to remember honor amp celebrate the courageous cia officers who died in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'finncoding and no it does not use more memory than chrome in fact it uses 30 less jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75 multiple security vulnerabilities google chrome prior to 68.0.3440.75' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fbi tell users to change passwords frequently experts say the is bad advice you d normally expect the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hancitor banking trojan is back using malicious word attachment the hancitor trojan also known as infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce csv injection wordpress advanced order export for woocommerce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt campuscodi someone has released a tool for automatically exploiting apache struts servers via 3 well-known rces:cve-2013-2251' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pev 0.80 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rieva hmm just to verify have you signed in to your google chrome profile after resetting the settings:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'insider trading takes the dark web by storm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for august 2018 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq cve 2016-6803 apache openoffice unquoted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.2 xen ovmsa-2018-0225 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt janeparrish in securityweek indegycom ceo barakperelman explains role of assetmanagement in ics scada networks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kofno that s amazing make sure to check out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taymieemarie looks great have any other apps or features caught your eye in windows 10 lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update gc suse-su-2016:3057-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '25 best wordpress themes for startups 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update gstreamer opensuse-2017-302 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chypenguin understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-3930 in antenna house office server document converter version v6.1 pro mr2 for linux64 6 1 2018 0312' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache couchdb arbitrary command execution exploit remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday vmpanel 2.7.4 sql injection web vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update libressl opensuse-2017-222' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solidestcharli3 we can t wait to hear your thoughts on windows 10 keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add css ghost buttons in your wordpress theme' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious android apps infected with windows keyloggers pulled from google play' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache http server cve-2016-2161 denial of service vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic 12.1.2.0 remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows kernel multiple flaws let local users gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xeraelia hi there check out the article for info about repairing chrome if it stops responding does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cyberark password vault web access .net object deserialization nessus plugin id 110287 with critical' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln suse opensuse build service cve-2018-12466 security bypass vulnerability suse opensuse build se' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'more mining windows let s encrypt disables tls-sni-01 verification taiwan police gifts infected podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts discovered a kernel level privilege escalation in oracle hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt e_kaspersky how to limit windows 10 sending your telemetry to microsoft or why do i still use windows 7 gt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress easy table 1.6 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerabi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'not sure how to report false positives to a snort you through it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'skilled attacker develops advanced windows botnet to spread infamous mirai malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq cve-2015-1730 msie jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption details and poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redspartan_tv alright let s have you try the windows update troubleshooter let us know the results.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt severeweathereu spectacular thunderstorm over barnaul altai krai russia yesterday june 23 report v postnikov' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5203 a use after free in pdfium in google chrome a use after free in pdfium in google chrome pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chief_tech too cute no how are you enjoying the rest of your windows experience' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper server detection nessus plugin id 110267 with info severity synopsis an apache zookeeper server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-8224 an elevation of privilege vulnerability exists when the windows kernel fails to properly handle objec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt x0rz abusing seloaddriverprivilege for privilege escalation windows pentest' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat jboss enterprise application platform 7.0.1 http response splitting vulnerability jboss enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sneaky web tracking technique under heavy scrutiny by gdpr don t expect tracking methods such as browser infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infopowerbroker nerdpyle infosec twitter remembers more about my life than me.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings vulnerability note vu 906424 microsoft windows task scheduler contains a local privilege esca' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asmundschei music to our ears make sure to check out all the new features in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wormatty1 we re glad to hear it how is your overall windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google engineering lead on lessons learned from chrome s https push darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5191 bookmark handling in google chrome prior to 54.0.2840.59 for windows mac and linux 54.0.2840.85 f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'foreign hackers broke into the czech foreign ministry email securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'incredibly versatile ultrathin unboxing surfacepro4 windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter netgear multiple products remote and local password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress theme sydney by athemes 2018 gravityforms input remote file upload vulnerability cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'experts warn of possible attacks after poc code for cve-2018-11776 struts flaw was published' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to aaronsaxtons wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml amp 039 ptls5::ls find span visual boundar 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress file delete to code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle peoplesoft enterprise peopletools 8.55 integration remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usama_ka thanks for the compliment what do you primarily use your windows pc for the most' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1417-1 ca-certificates security update nessus plugin id 110947 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 7 in 2017 is so outdated that patches can t keep it secure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'actively exploited firefox tor browser 0-day patched update now mozilla and the tor project have infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 desktop bridge activation arbitrary directory creation privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a custom field in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seriously if your democracy is under threat because of a few facebook groups and a wordpress blog maybe your soci' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t get zapped by the struts-shock vulnerability affecting apache struts 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday itechscripts freelancer script 5.11 sk parameter sql injection exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity here s why you ll probably want to turn off browser autofill infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'broker accused of netting 5m on inside info about lattice semiconductor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress 4.7.0 4.7.1 plugin insert php php code injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flavius12 thanks for your kind words which version of windows are you using now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security microsoft internet explorer mshtml domimplementation type confusion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft combats bad passwords with new azure tools infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser gets safety add-on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten the is an excellent line-up and makes me wish i wasn t half a continent away so that i could attend good luck to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update kernel suse-su-2018:2391-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'using two-factor authentication with one-time passwords sent via sms has come under question again after a reddit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tp-link archer c60 1.0 code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla patches firefox zero day used to unmask tor browser users threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dutch brothers sentenced to community service for involvement in coinvault ransomware distribution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'larry ellison live premiering oraclesoar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'itechscripts video sharing script 4.93 cross site scripting sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter no pm modi is not offering free mobile recharges worth rs 500 via whatsapp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'peter lefkowitz of citrix explains how gdpr is changing the global privacy landscape by peterloshin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darkchunni excellent how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows code integrity module hashing error lets remote users deny service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cerandor that s awesome make sure to check out the windows blogs for the latest tips how' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft pushes out critical flash player patches with one week delay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof gets schooled after assigning weak passwords to tutors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news melbourne hacker adds padding oracle to free popular hacker course' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'free life-changing and available to everyone is what i and my peers in wordpress and open source work for.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'updated technical report for vmware vsphere virtual volumes with ontap' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat reader up to 11.0.18 15.006.30244 15.020.20042 exif metadata buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco anyconnect secure mobility client lt 4.6.01098 certificate bypass vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress twentyfourteen theme default theme full path disclosure cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity google discloses another unpatched windows vulnerability edge users at risk infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dragon was the 18th most popular password in 2017 if dragons were real and had accounts to log into they d defi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a wordpress spambot wants you to bet on the 2018 fifa world cup our researchers recently picked up on a infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'these sunsets are worth a monitor calibration download our coastal portugal windows theme today:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'episode 2.3 flash exploits powershell hacking investigating the elections expedia hacker android infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kevtownsend ai is a double-edged sword how machine learning will help attackers securityweek' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0486-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new php code execution attack puts wordpress sites at risk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 procps elsa-2018-1777 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superprof schooled after assigning weak passwords to tutors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8632 the tipc_msg_build function in net tipc msg.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 does not validate t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how and why you should limit login attempts in your wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'veracode on wordpress vulnerability patching' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt meansec i was inspired by tweets from marcusjcarey aloria and convos with splunk wit to explore us funding under rep' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'abneume hi amelia have a look at the article about repairing chrome if it crashes or stops working any better' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android javanano compiler arbitrary class loading instantiation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rafdesquitado thanks for confirming try resetting your chrome settings to default and see if that helps' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'xdmidway hi marcus have you tried the steps in the guide to speed up google chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast paul s security weekly startup security weekly 28 buzzword compliant' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress google map plugin amp lt 4.0.4 sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix 5.3 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'juno how to adjust a broken jupiter probe s orbit we re asking because juno s still in a bigger-than infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter latest ubuntu update includes openssl fixes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday january 11th 2017 wed jan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4200 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why the office of the future will demand stronger security for enterprise solutions and personal mobile devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2216 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'misconfigured java web server component jolokia expose website at cyber attacks securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7871 adobe flash player versions 23.0.0.207 and earlier 11.2.202.644 and earlier have an exploitable mem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2017-0837-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ahalffan that s fantastic let us know if you have any questions how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel tcp_input.c remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt europol 2018 world cup flash sale from only 49 pp it s just 2good2btrue we apologise to you football lovers if you thou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'you know it s friday when a dinosaur shows up in the office fridayfeeling' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hurykles99 no worries how is the rest of your windows experience going at the moment we d love to know what you think.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'haywordhunter do you see any error codes or messages let s see if we can sort the out.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml cmarkup::reload in compat view use-after-free ex 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel cve-2016-9120 local use after free memory corruption vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'marcomangiante we re so happy to hear it are you working on any interesting projects with windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd diffoscope arbitrary file write 077bbadf-f2f4-11e6-92a7-902b34361349 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco ios xe ani ipv6 packets dos cisco-sa-20170320-aniipv6 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle java se multiple flaws let remote users access and modify data deny service and gain elevated privileges' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress up to 4.7.0 wp-mail.php privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt xbox shift into cybermonday with 20 off forzahorizon3 e for xboxone and windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory traversal vulnerability wordpress cve-2018-12895 directory t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb16-39 unspecified use after free remote code execution vulnerability adobe infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux mips64 execve bin sh shellcode 48 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'splunk enterprise 6.4.3 server-side request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyberark password vault web access .net object deserialization nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-snapdragon vulnerabilities usn-3169-4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin gift voucher 1.0.5 template_id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rivertownlawyer looks great hayden how long have you been using windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers reportedly use punycode to bypass office 365 phishing filters microsoft denies story' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft catches up to valentine s day flash flaw massacre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2014-6493 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 thunderbird cesa-2018:2252 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress ninja forms 3.3.13 plugin csv injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i see the next-gen buzzword found its way into threat hunting products now' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top five wordpress users management guidelines' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel udp fragmentation offset ufo privilege escalation topic linux kernel udp fragmentation offset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle java se cve-2017-3289 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'escapeisnowhere we hope windows helps keep you productive thanks for your support.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'if the application goes from monolithic to micro the network must do the same says citrix s achauhan:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ldafar glad to hear everything is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update qemu suse-su-2016:2936-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft azure flaw exposed rhel virtual machines to hacking risk in terms of delivering public cloud infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel time posix-timers.c local information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-3440 vulnerability in the oracle customer interaction history component of oracle e-business suite subco' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scada honeywell xl web ii controller exposed password in clear scada honeywell hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity us considers asking visa applicants for social media passwords infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows pdf library file processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-6819 in wordpress before 4.7.3 there is cross-site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress ithemes security sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3752-3 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps brother hl series printers 1.15 cross-site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lorenz_4734 we re glad you re on our team are any windows apps or features currently helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'win 100000 by hacking john mcafee and bitfi s un hackable cryptocurrency wallet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle to release fixes for 334 vulnerabilities scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google android broadcom wi-fi driver privilege escalation cve-2014-9910' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'don t surf with sharks protect yourself online with the faster safer browser designed for windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle offers you 3 different ways to deploy our technology we are the only supplier that gives you a single view. donatelli oraclemsce' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 7 unbreakable enterprise kernel elsa-2018-4134 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beef_nobroccoli wonderful news congratulations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lindsaykeegan so majestic how are you enjoying the rest of windows lately lindsay' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'strivedad thank you for the kind words we re happy to have users like you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'soulcutter hi there have you tried closing all your open tabs and reopening chrome let us know and we ll be happy to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress drcsystems ethicsolutions jssor-slider library plugin arbitrary file upload vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tens of thousands of chromebooks fail because of symantec bluecoat problem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ctovision using open source software in a secdevops environment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 pki-core rhsa-2018:1979 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86-64 egghunter shellcode 38 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos adobe flash avc processing out-of-bounds read exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo github hacked packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd libwww multiple vulnerabilities 18449f92-ab39-11e6-8011-005056925db4 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2013-4659 buffer overflow in broadcom acsd allows remote buffer overflow in broadcom acsd allows rem' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 screen sketch app renamed to snip amp sketch in insider builds' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter check point discloses how hackers could take over hundreds of millions of whatsapp amp telegram account' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress plugin ninja forms 3.3.13 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt brown_sps congratulations to bonnie kearney brown university executive master in cybersecurity class of 2018 on her new rol' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome 56 crypto upgrade makes thousands of computers using bluecoat to fail google s latest chrome infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday chrome v8 promiseallresolveelementclosure element confusion vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shamoon rebooted in middle east part 2 by christiaan beek mcafeelabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows enterprise mode site list 1 2 xml injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google proudly regards dented shovel as flash lies supine on the floor we ll be back choc factory infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16.04 fedora 27 local privilege escalation topic linux kernel lt 4.13.9 ubuntu 16' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-14925 matera banco 1.0.0 mishandles java errors in the backend as demonstrated by a stack trace revealing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update w3m suse-su-2016:3053-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player windows execute code vulnerability adobe flash player windows execute code vulnerability28' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq re oss-security docker 1.12.6 security advisory re oss-security docker 1.12.6 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macos apple safari lt 10.0.2 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6 apple-sa-2018-7-9-6 icloud for windows 7.6' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'collection of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleprofit autonomous is set to dramatically transform industries here s how your organization can be ready.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google play yanks android apps carrying windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update samba suse-su-2018:1687-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-005 critical security update for adobe flash player 4010250 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'krists099 we re happy to hear your device is running smoothly now how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lanzelot13 hi paul could you confirm the version of chrome you re using we ll do our best to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86 netcat -e option disabled reverse shell shellcode 180 bytes 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for friday july 13th 2018 fri jul 13th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malwarebytes browser extension blocks malware scams ads amp trackers malwarebytes has released a chrome infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for windows desktop input validation flaw lets local users cau' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt opendns visualize locky cerber dridex goznym and break down their common themes talossecu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd gitlab multiple vulnerabilities 9557dc72-64da-11e8-bc32-d8cb8abf62dd nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mwilstevens hi to modify the user interface of your browser it is possible to zoom the text content with the key' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5542 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0076 remote denial of service vulnerability microsoft windows infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zhonghuafy if you are trying to reset your password i would suggest turning lastpass off temporarily for that tas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mnnoon pretty cool right are you enjoying any other features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 10 1607 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vigilnce docker engine privilege escalation via file descriptors' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection produ' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'watch the week on windows correction watch the year on windows tomorrow for a look back on 2016 windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel up to 4.8.x 4.9.4 freelist-randomization mm slab.c privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows directx graphics kernel cve-2018-8405 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'why eu watchdogs say windows 10 is still a major privacy concern microsoft made some attempts to clarify infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 10 mshtml cedit adorner::detach use-after-free ms13-047 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap trex 7.10 execute code vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb local trendmicro officescan xg 11.0 change prevention bypass' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anuragk95 hi anurag thanks for reaching out could you post the in the google chrome forums for more specific he' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt audreyalison your rap name is your most used password and the last 4 digits of your social.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln mcafee application control and endpoint security cve-2016-8010 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 3743-2 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beck_mim hmm what version of chrome are you using to check go to your address bar and type in chrome: version keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metlstorm peabnuts123 travismcpeak kiwicon haha that bot is awesome you guys didn t know about cybertaters' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redhat network satellite cross site scripting vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash responsible for six of the top 10 bugs used by exploit kits in 2016' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4236-1 xen security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '5 best wordpress membership plugins compared 2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter whatsapp encrypted message backdoor reports are baseless' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress plugin chained quiz 1.0.8 answer sql injection cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remove browser hijacker the article aims to help you with the removal of bravesearch' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft finally admits its malware-style windows 10 upgrade sales pitch went too far infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rafetweets that s fantastic have any other windows features caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle hospitality opera 5 property services 5.4.0.0 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the cve-2017-5638 apache struts 2 command execution flaw affects cisco products securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hull surfers cut off by router attack routers scooted says kcom thousands of broadband customers in the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zackwhittaker we ll be talking about the one on the show. best worst part is it was probably some sort of broken php app.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sta_leon that s amazing vasco which other features are you enjoying in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt athertonkd extremely i have an essay in a book voice if you want more on tarkin s vision check out my essay on the tarkin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle fusion middleware cve-2016-3595 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'menguygweltaz we re glad you like it are you currently using windows hello on your device' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brave browser starts feeding ads to willing guinea pigs nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'identity has become the perimeter oracle security svp by kellymsheridan identity cloud perimeter' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '2017 trends cybersecurity for digital broadcasters' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln sap maxdb odbc driver cve-2018-2418 unspecified remote code injection vulnerability sap maxdb o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee threat research team uncovers healthcare security risks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt njdtone rey driving oracle netsuite nationaldogday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome integer overflow when processing webassembly locals exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shelley212 thanks for the info shelley could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bitdefender disables anti-exploit monitoring in chrome after google policy change' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'email phishers using new way to bypass microsoft office 365 protections' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle releases security alert original release date august 13 2018 oracle has released a security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 chromium-browser rhsa-2018:1815 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news how windows 10 data collection trades privacy for security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'lukeb_uk that s also an excellent option make sure to check out how to upgrade from windows 10 home to windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hongcms 3.0.0 sql injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nocturne524 ah gotcha how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla ajax search for k2 2.2 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln oracle e-business suite cve-2017-3277 remote security vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samri10 windows 10 hardening tool for thwarting network recon' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'da rude sand storm seizes the opportunity threatens to ko rover infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and configure web2py on centos 7 web2py is a simple yet powerful python framework for developi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nerdinout53 that s great are any windows features or apps helping you stay productive' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nikto 2.1.6 csv injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new flavor of dirty cow attack discovered patched dirty cow designated as cve-2016-5195 is a linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts file vulnerabilities usn-3686-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sdunn_dev great thanks for doing that your feedback helps us make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity microsoft edge security updates target windows 10 web-based attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8633 drivers firewire net.c in the linux kernel drivers firewire net.c in the linux kernel befo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security usn-3221-1 linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ossummit eu will feature new tracks and a broader range of technologies driving open source innovation submit you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter positive technologies discovers and fixes a dangerous 7-year old linux kernel vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to inetpro priyanshu_itech malwageddon wordpress infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'video moving money with opensource javascript by kris borchers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'san francisco transit ransomware attacker likely used year-old java exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft announces 16 years of support for windows sql servers new premium assurance plan extends infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'where is tor headed find out in brooklyn tonight our incoming ed isabela bagueros will share her vision for the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how opensource compliance programs became a corporate necessity via ibrahimatlinux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hp security bulletin hpsbhf03674 1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'documenting and attacking a windows defender application control feature the hard way a case study in security re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install modx cms on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'quiteofftopic thanks for the follow-up info we suggest reporting the issue in the chrome bug tracker here' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows adodb.record object file overwrite microsoft windows suffers from an adodb.record object file' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1419-sa156 apache tomcat vulnerabilities apr-oct 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leverage browser security features to secure your website given the increasing number of data breaches infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.10 linux-raspi2 vulnerabilities usn-3190-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 9 ieframe cselection interact button behavior::_update bu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to set the gnome default terminal emulator on ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'uppidyx ah gotcha how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on wpa wpa2 securityaffairs hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dup scout http post request handling remote stack buffer overflow nessus plugin id 110555 with high severity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt marilyn_cohodas google poetry slam helped kick of chrome browser security upgrade laparisa bhusa tlshaiku' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 cross site scripting vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 cross-site request forgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player apsb18-25 multiple information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'secure websites brought to you by the letter s what s so special about the letter s it s one of the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emilymaycurtis hi emily is there something specific we can help you with we want you to enjoy your experience with windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb login authentication script 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft wordpad lets remote users bypass content blocking restrictions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _nomap isn t forced password disclosure generally prohibited by eula denmark is taking the a step further by asking mi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter securityfocus vulnerabilities vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6816 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter symsa1404-sa148 linux kernel vulnerabilities feb-apr 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vanbiztherapper sounds good thanks for getting back to us how has the rest of your windows experience been' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google calls out insecure sites in new chrome version darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter patch apache struts 2 now hackers are exploiting a remote code execution zero-day in the wild' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt raj_samani want to join our mcafee_labs advanced threat research team we have two positions open plano and hillsboro for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metlstorm claudiocontin antisnatchor 50 of risky business listeners think your name is adam barlow.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1472-1 libcgroup security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7265 microsoft excel 2007 sp3 excel 2010 sp2 excel 2013 sp1 excel 2013 rt sp1 excel 2016 office comp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'metlstorm lokifer claudiocontin antisnatchor insomniasec feabell beastwarsband the thread is proof that it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt china591 prima_teev flashintegro vsdc website software download link hijacked hacked hijacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joshgiesbrecht pretty cool right are you enjoying any other new features in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brothers convicted in netherlands for creating coinvault and bitcryptor ransomware mcafee ransomware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office multiple flaws let remote users bypass security obtain potentially sensitive information and ex' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brookhaven rhic infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers reuse passwords to access 26 500 national lottery accounts nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhsa-2016:2998-1 low red hat enterprise linux 6.2 advanced mission critical amc one-year notice' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt martijn_grooten tomorrow i ll take part in a panel discussion as part of the cybersecurity future summit it is to be broadcast li' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kat_christine please clear the browser cache' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3732-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sanspentest sans webcast java on the server what could possibly go wrong updated by adriendbavailable now recorded:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new mirai variants leverage open source project mirai linux android' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-5548 local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dell sonicwall global management system gms analyzer universal management appliance or host uma um nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'segmentsmack linux kernel bug newly discovered tcp flaw lets remote attackers stall devices with tiny dos attac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware 14.2 current mozilla-thunderbird ssa:2018-191-01 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter kb4338819 windows 10 version 1803 july 2018 security update nessus plugin id 110983 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity update your passwords it s computer security day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb dos microsoft windows jscript regexp.lastindex use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows uniscribe font processing heap-based memory corruption around usp10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'polymorphninja gotcha thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fix can t install anything on my windows 10 pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'halvarflake i promise you i hate that word even more than you do.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'superyoshi96 awesome which windows 10 features have you been enjoying the most lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 6 kernel elsa-2018-1854 spectre nessus plugin id 110701 with critical severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome up to 56 blink universal cross site scripting' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securewv 2016 network forensics using kali linux and or sans sift securitytube' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows speech recognition 4.0.4.2512 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln google chrome prior to 50.0.2661.102 multiple security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-6130 local information disclosure vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2013-6282 local privilege escalation vulnerabilities ubuntu linux 12.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows device guard cve-2018-8221 local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riskybusiness metlstorm sad i never saw you or if i did you were surrounded next time.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tweetcloudbot nope fake wordcloud' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2017-6543 appliance nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft and samsung react to vault 7 cia leaks google linux foundation and others remain silent' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2017-246' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pyxlgy wow what a great idea how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt theregister the internet s very own muslim ban continues dns overlord insists it can freeze dot-words' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 zsh cesa-2018:1932' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linus torvalds will speak at embedded linux conference and openiot summit again the year' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt deborahmeaden well i was responding to the engagement and energy of you all great day amongst smart people oraclembx' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-11629 default and unremovable support credentials user:lutron password:integration allow at' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we seriously can t contain ourselves see you at dockercon next week' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows server kernel elevation 2012 obtain information vulnerability microsoft windows server kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 perl-archive-tar 2018-10ae521efa nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7264 excel excel_for_mac excel_viewer office_compatibility_pack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts liblouis vulnerabilities usn-3669-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hassium cms 0.10 cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'useful tools for ethical hacking penetration testing a great proportion of hackers prefer the linux infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1972-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-6816 the code in apache tomcat 9.0.0.m1 to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bug exposes whatsapp message secrets the post doesn t have enough text content please click on the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'drive-by web nasty unmasks tor browser users mozilla dashes to patch zero-day vuln svg javascript infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor browser zero-day strikes again a new zero-day has been found in the wild and was used against the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux kernel 4.6.6 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'instagram app 41.1788.50991.0 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-46 mozilla network security service nss multiple vulnerabilities logjam sloth nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'woolfe thanks for being a fan how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'stop wasting time making the wrong passwords stronger sophoslabs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sled12 sles12 security update gnutls suse-su-2017:0348-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates issued for vmware samba internet key exchange and linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8684 debian_linux graphicsmagick opensuse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln skype for windows cve-2016-5720 untrusted search path vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'three serious linux kernel security holes patched it s time to patch your linux servers and pcs again infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security readings system call dispatching for windows on arm64 graceful bits see more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome blink speechrecognitioncontroller use-after-free' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt smashingmag last year wordpress was responsible for 83 of infected content management sites make sure you re not contribu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'epiphany web browser 3.28.1 denial of service exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'india tells its banks to get windows xp off atms in 2019 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt rgb_lights ignorance of insecurity does not get you security we need to examine voting machines scada systems iot and oth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'clothing steven universe rose s sword lounge pants i love humans you re all so funny sometimes you infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'weecoulter got it try resetting your chrome settings to default and see if that helps k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor users targeted with firefox zero-day exploit a javascript exploit leveraging a zero-day infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mads820 why do you say that we re always looking to improve your experience with windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache storm unspecified flaw lets remote authenticated users on a storm cluster execute arbitrary code as differen' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3711-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'allaboutenergy superslickitguy in general we can say that linux uses less memory than windows jh' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bariskazar oraclechanginglives many many amazing ways to change people s lives in very positive ways' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity computer misuse airport worker fined 20k forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver as java getuseruddielements sql injection vulnerability netweaver as java getuseruddie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress issues out of band security and maintenance update l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps finance website script sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to susanmarshallva wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oraclevm 3.3 unbreakable etc ovmsa-2018-0237' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln linux kernel cve-2018-10901 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux 4.11 rc4 linus torvalds so on the whole things look fine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unpatched vulnerability in firefox used to attack tor browser wed nov 30th' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity new bsod devil comes from the internet and crashes your windows 10 8 7 xp infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2373-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. mcafee s recent blockchain threat report discussed the four major blockchain threats and how they impact' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 c-ares vulnerability usn-3143-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt icebrgdotio our security research team has identified a zero-day vulnerability in adobe flash that enables an attacker to exec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ebaynewsroom a year after joining openapi at the linuxfoundation we re providing specs for all restful public apis.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2015-4409 buffer overflow on hikvision nvr ds-76xxni-e1 2 and ds-77xxxni-e4 devices before 3.4.0 allows remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'checksec canopy cross site scripting packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft security bulletin cve revision increment for july 2018 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows lsass buffer overrun vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 7 virtualization rhsa-2018:2246 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cisco anyconnect secure mobility client 4.6.01099 denial of service packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-8398 an information disclosure vulnerability exists when the windows gdi component improperly' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast packet pushers weekly podcast old datanauts 072 openstack kubernetes infrastructure amp' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'solaris 10 x86 148380-15 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'logicboard cms 3.0 4.0 4.1 open redirect packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt thehackersnews google home and chromecast your devices to fix the issue' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt enno_insinuator excellent guide on aws privilege escalation methods and' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mylobot malware targets windows pc for ddos trojan and keylogger attacks a new botnet was recently infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a proven platform for the changing needs of a demanding public the intelligent cloud from oracle enabling govern' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zonefox great to join anomali proofpoint broadbridgenet and aibireland for the second panel at today s pst2018' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rana9634 hi dinesh just to confirm are you able to browse other websites non-google on chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apem71 thanks for confirming could you let us know on what device and operating system you re experiencing chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress kama click counter 3.4.9 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache qpid broker-j maximum message size processing bug lets remote users cause the target service to crash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 scrrun.dll active-x creation deletion issues scrrun.dll on microsoft windows 10 suffers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pagekit 1.0.10 password reset' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_gibboverse thanks for the info can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity startup exabeam raises 50 million to be the next splunk' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft internet explorer memory errors let remote users obtain potentially sensitive information a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an inside look at hybrid office 365 phishing attacks salted hash ep 41 in the episode steve ragan infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to display recent tweets in wordpress with twitter widgets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dna testing service myheritage leaked the usernames and passwords of 92 million customers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attention all developers oraclecode is coming to a city near you register now for your chance to attend' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts users can now install mesa 18.1.1 to improve their linux gaming' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 the 10 biggest controversies and surprises in 2016 from unwanted upgrades to snooping on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9084 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci_intrs.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 misuses the kzallo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3752-3 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bankers mortgage brokers question cybersecurity rules' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mpapas hey there let s have you check out the windows update troubleshooter did that do the trick' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sergio_theone that s one of our favorites which other features have you been enjoying on windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'browser cookie jar the pilferage' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tuanldang thanks for trying can you download chrome beta and see if you still experience the issue keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mispproject misp 2.4.93 released including a matrix ui for mitreattack framework to add or browse statistics of techniques use' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle ilearning cve-2018-2989 remote security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'riskybusiness i agree it was probably the straw that broke the camel s back possibly more than a straw but i' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thinkautonomous and join larry ellison as he unveils new capabilities in the oracle autonomous cloud register for' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'android apps infected with windows keylogger removed from google play store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'purplexmoonx gotcha it may be a bit out of budget but we think the acer aspire nitro may be an excellent option' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 one-to-one fulfillment privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5027 blink in google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for linux windows and mac and 56.0.2924.87 for androi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2246-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat jboss enterprise application platform denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting cxsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _wirepair i can t believe the whole time i haven t been using chrome -user-data-dir c: profiles lt whatever gt to keep all my v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hailstorm spam begins to pelt infosecmag' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3804-1 linux security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3731-1 chromium-browser security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zeta producer desktop cms 14.2.0 code execution file disclosure packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel multiple remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player flaws remain the most used by exploit adobe ek hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'parasite http rat implements a broad range of protections and evasion mechanims securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt benpatrickwill education technology companies are tracking students feelings amp mindsets with wearables facial vision empathy t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'frazzling we re happy to hear it how has the rest of your windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi google chrome users met with not secure warnings when visiting http sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 5 6 7 thunderbird rhsa-2016:2825' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1607 gain privileges obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'darrylthinks we re so glad to hear it darryl which apps and features are you enjoying the most in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking logmeonce password management suite ultimate 5.2 bursts with features you won t find in competing products' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update go1.9 opensuse-2018-672 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'videolan vlc media player 2.2.1 buffer overflow packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps viral image amp video sharing gagzone script sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'graspitupguy hi there plugins create or add specific features to a wordpress installation so they are typically' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity chrome 55 patches 36 flaws blocks flash by default infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ericbrodie sounds very organized let us know if you have any questions about windows 10 we re always here for you.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'kaspersky says businesses hit by fileless windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-8455 an elevation of privilege vulnerability in the broadcom wi-fi driver could enable a local malicious' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'calebnsmokey we re happy to hear it have you seen any of the new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter webapps wordpress plugin single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ipsec vpn connections broken using 20 year old flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee promoted unhackable bitfi cryptocurrency wallet gets hacked' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin 4.8.1 code execution local file inclusion packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update spice suse-su-2017:0393-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee-backed crypto-coin wallet eats humble pie bitfi withdraws its controversial 250 000 bounty' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat openshift enterprise cve-2016-9592 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sqlite cve-2016-6153 insecure temporary file creation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress limolabs 1.0.0 remote password disclosure vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 8 mshtml amp 039 ptls5::ls find span visual boundar 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome up to 56 extension use-after-free buffer overflow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt libbymclark take the new free inclusive speaker orientation course from linuxfoundation and ncwit at learn' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'redirect cross site scripting a url redirect at suffers from a cro' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln oracle java se and jrockit cve-2016-5547 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'poc code surfaces to exploit apache struts 2 vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'offbeatonpurpos she s ok hospitals in hkg excellent efficient compared to canada she was diagnosed in surgery' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for wednesday august 15th 2018 wed aug infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm infosphere information governance catalog detection nessus plugin id 110417 with info severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp hack shows that even encryption apps are vulnerable in a browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 qemu-kvm rhsa-2018:2162 spectre nessus plugin id 111000 with medium severity synopsis the remote red' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google discloses zero-day windows flaw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-2984 adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and adobe flash player versions 24.0.0.194 and earl' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity accurate cross-browser fingerprinting is possible researchers show infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google password protects pixel 2 firmware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5556 remote security vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update the linux kernel opensuse-2016-1436' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows enterprise mode site list v 1 2 xml external entity injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt neiljrubenking agilebits 1password 6 isn t 100 automated but it s easy to use and syncs smoothly across all of your devices https:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla lt 3.8.12 multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a student has spent five months in an indian jail over a whatsapp message he says he did not send' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update shadow suse-su-2018:1995-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-7754 the aoedisk_debugfs_show function in drivers block aoe aoeblk.c in the linux kernel through 4.16' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt mcgrewsecurity i just noticed the on the kali website and love how it s set up to take encrypted volume passwords over ssh to u' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft s samaritan refuses help to hackers doing win 10 recon theregister' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3816-1 samba security update nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'two ddos friendly bugs fixed in linux kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking vuurmuur is a powerful firewall manager built on top of iptables on linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thefullsauce it s hard to pick just one right how is windows 10 helping you get things done' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress image gallery 1.9.65 cross site scripting vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dmartin_writes not seeing any tweets with the url i m afraid perhaps email would be an easier help wordpress.com' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 users targeted by phishers employing simple html tricks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'postscript printers open to password theft through 32-year-old flaw hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dnschanger exploit kit hijacks routers not browsers an exploit kit called dnschanger is attacking infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln phpmyadmin pmasa-2016-69 multiple sql injection vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use open vswitch 2.9 with kvm on centos 7 rhel 7 server' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we can t be advocating moving to the cloud and not be doing it ourselves paul_stevenson 02 at oraclembx lond' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blau_rascon hey there have you successfully installed windows 10 we re here if you have questions.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3756-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp s so-called backdoor is not a vulnerability but a feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln red hat cloudforms management app cve-2017-2653 security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update gtk2 suse-su-2018:2470-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'w00t word s activex controls are amazingly useful' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln debian cve-2016-1253 remote command injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3734-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'madelenamak what makes you say that madelena we re always looking to improve windows 10 with every update.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity norwich university names george j silowash new chief information security officer infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 mobile bug exposes personal photos on locked devices' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'default passwords aid satori iot botnet attacks infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ibm qradar siem up to 7.2.6 password storage weak encryption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install and use docker on ubuntu 18.04' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 directory traversal exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dod looks to the cloud for browser security by imscottpetry dod cloud browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln microsoft windows gdi component cve-2018-8394 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player cve-2017-3000 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'meghal52 thank you for you kind words i am glad i could help you in case you need any assistance we are just a tweet away.-supriya' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter slackware 14.2 current mozilla-firefox ssa:2018-157-01 nessus plugin id 110391 with high severi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian-based q4os linux operating system for raspberry pi goes stable' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee epolicy orchestrator now available on aws helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'some password advice for t-mobile s boss johnlegere' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp urges android users to manually backup their chats mobile' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9597 it was found that red hat jboss core services erratum rhsa-2016:2957 for cve-2016-3705 d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 4.4.0 af_packet race condition privilege escalation exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking printers advisory 2 6 various hp oki konica printers file password disclosure via post fulldisclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-8507 yandex browser for ios before 16.10.0.2357 does' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1441-sa160 return of the bleichenbacher oracle threat robot symantec network protection products using' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ransomware down iot threats up in 2017 predicts mcafee' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'russian police detained cybercriminals who broke into the accounts of 700 000 customers of popul securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2017-5371 odata server in sap adaptive server enterprise odata server in sap adaptive server enterpr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln sap netweaver application server java portal app component cross site scripting v' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bainesy1969 interesting still not clear why liz denham chooses to write forewords for one author and not others one of which' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schedules for apachecon amp apachebigdata have been announced details in the blog via linuxdotcom:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter how do the linux kernel memory protection features on android work' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-2317 debian_linux graphicsmagick leap linux_enterprise_debuginfo linux_enterprise_softw' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability symantec network protection products using affected versions' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ibm aix 6.1 7.1 7.2 bellmail privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 glibc rhsa-2017:0680 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows hyper-v cve-2017-0076 remote denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ajit pai defends decision to revoke low-cost broadband designations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 xmlrpc cesa-2018:1780 nessus plugin id 110298 with high severity synopsis the remote centos host is' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 server 2016 kernel memory address handler information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'researchers at dr web spotted a windows version of the mirai bot' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flaws fixed in sap s police and military software' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to add a frequently asked questions faqs section in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'research security mcafee virus scan enterprise opens linux machines to remote attackers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na ms17-020 security update for windows dvd maker 3208223' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siemens simatic wincc tia portal 10.x lt 14 sp1 upd6 multiple vulnerabilities ssa-979106 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sans internet storm center researchers figure out how to trick facial recognition systems zdnet' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts kde4libs vulnerability usn-3223-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oraclesca interesting presentations from our brazilian startups synco and intelipost at oowbr don t miss out to meet ou' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows kernel win32k ntuserconsolecontrol denial of service microsoft windows kernel win32k' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 multiple cross site scripting vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle january 2017 critical patch update multiple vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nkorosh8 hello there if everything is working well the windows.old folder is only needed for reverting to the p' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deniss0k ah okay how long have you been using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fortinet fortigate lt 5.4.9 5.6.x lt 5.6.3 multiple vulnerabilities fg-ir-17-231 fg-ir-17-245 and fg-i nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps wordpress plugin single personal message 1.0.3 sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-16-625 adobe flash player regexp then stack-based buffer overflow remote code execution vulnerability zdi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 10 1607 gold gain privileges vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a custom post type archive page in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'roll up roll up come get your planex security system backdoor login admin:password and debug page which allows a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'elaynebrown if you use the embed code under the video s share area you should be able to embed using that.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese espionage group temp.periscope targets cambodia ahead of july 2018 elections and reveals broad infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 enterprise getting inprivate deskop sandboxed execution feature' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to create a dummy zombie process in ubuntu 18.04 lts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new method discovered for cracking wpa2 wi-fi passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla medialibrary basic 3.5 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'would you delete your account if a social media provider misused your data' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a new form of ransomware dubbed spider was found spreading malicious microsoftoffice documents through emai' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'i believe it was pointed out a couple years ago that whatsapp messages are recoverable from the sqlite db via stand' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion topic wordpress 4.9.6 arbitrary file deletion risk low text' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimate list of wordpress black friday and cyber monday deals huge savings blackfriday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps oracle glassfish ose 4.1 path traversal metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt qalaatalmudiq pt fsa second coastal division blew up 2 groups of assad fighters in jebal turkman with 2 consecutive fagot str' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle released security update addresses a critical database vulnerability that affects multiple infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'local microsoft windows advanced local procedure call alpc local privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update openssh opensuse-2017-339' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update ucode-intel opensuse-2018-887 foreshadow spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update roundcubemail opensuse-2016-1419 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'errantthinker that s amazing how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'practicalgamer gotcha make sure to check out the latest windows features here which pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local memory corruption and integer overflow vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'previously disclosed flaws found in broadcom s wi-fi controllerchip are now believed to affect lenovothinkpads l' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update libvorbis suse-su-2018:1563-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt trishmcfarlane hearing abt oracle autonomous transaction processing built to run demanding finance retail and government app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq secunia research microsoft windows type 1 font processing vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe fixes actively exploited critical vulnerability in flash player' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity kill it with fire us-cert urges admins to firewall off windows smb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec chatnow 1.1 sql injection web vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update postgresql96 opensuse-2018-638 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft office products july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'reminder microsoft will pull the plug on windows vista in two weeks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 cinnamon 2018-64af4d2108 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thatfatkiddo hey there we appreciate your patience which version of windows are you currently running' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt ioannaiordanou the is it six years of my life 350 pages 120 000 words endless hours in front of the computer screen it al' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'all your stuff all your devices take your passwords bookmarks and open tabs with you everywhere you go:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix xenserver qemu display geometry resize handling guest-to-host code execution ctx221578' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle linux 5 6 7 java-1.7.0-openjdk elsa-2017-0269' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'critical rhsa-2017:0184 mysql security update problem description an update for mysql is now available for re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter redhat enterprise virtualization 4.0 obtain information vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-16 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'one_off thanks for the info just to confirm have you tried these steps to repair chrome if it freezes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps joomla component paypal ipn for docman 3.1 id parameter sql injection exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity outertech releases cacheman 10.03 windows optimizer that improves performance privacy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security updates for microsoft word products july 2018 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts apport vulnerability usn-3664-2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4246-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter freebsd flash player multiple vulnerabilities e78732b2-8528-11e8-9c42-6451062f0f7a nessus plug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update sudo opensuse-2016-1381' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blackhat infosecnews browser security fail' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'goldenstarkyu hi there we d like to look into the can you check amp let us know if you re experiencing the in another browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploit cve-2013-0657 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9919 linux_kernel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mutiny monitoring appliance command injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity barrett brown leaves prison still chained to a crime he didn t commit forensics' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt fightransomware . dmbisson warns cybercriminals are using fake flash site to spread locky ransomware read more' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2017-1150 ibm db2 for linux unix and windows includes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'deepan_bh_att that s music to our ears when was your first time using a windows pc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle mysql 5.5.52 execute code bypass a restriction or similar vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps davolink dvw 3200 router password disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux 2 libvirt alas-2018-1033 spectre nessus plugin id 110450 with high severity synopsis the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vcenter server 5.5.x lt 5.5u3e 6.0.x lt 6.0u2a multiple xxe vulnerabilities vmsa-2016-0022 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pradyutmathur music to our ears which windows features have caught your eye so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt sansapac get the training you need to thwart cyberattacks register now for sanssecurejapan' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday windows x64 bind shell tcp shellcode 508 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter why password protection is an obsolete security measure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update microcode_ctl suse-su-2018:1759-1 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache openoffice 1.0 windows installer trojan execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'starting a new shelf at the office for scifi books' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whomson we appreciate the honesty have you left your thoughts for us in the windows 10 feedback hub as well' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln apache httpcomponents incomplete fix cve-2014-3577 ssl validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pptsapper till birnam wood do come to dunsinane yes it s a joke that he looks like a treeit s not very goodi mma still' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress gwolle guestbook plugin xss security vulner bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'attacks whatsapp vulnerability discovered by chkpt quickly fixed' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webassembly changes could ruin meltdown and spectre browser patches threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacker held open mongodb databases for ransom a mysterious hacker is breaking into unprotected mongodb infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas free webcast tomorrow have you registered yet faster insights with cloudera enterprise on oracle cloud infrast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday responsive matrimonial script 4.0.1 sql injection vulnerability webapps exploits vulnerability 0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update xen suse-su-2018:2480-1 foreshadow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft com for windows remote code execution vulnerability cve-2018-0824 analysis and poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-5195 local privilege escalation vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'symsa1400-sa145 apache struts 2 rce vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'georgejpeacock ah gotcha we re glad to hear everything is resolved how has your overall windows experience been lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter debian dla-721-1 libgc security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'citrix license server 11.14.0.0 execute code denial of service vulnerability citrix license server 11.14.0.0 exe' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt tim2040 i ve blogged about elizabeth denham s problematic endorsement of ardikolah s disappearing gdpr book' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cover your password infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'john mcafee s 3 major cybersecurity predictions for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-1974-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ddos protection bootcamp free training course to improve your ddos protection skills' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome users will be met with not secure warnings from tuesday' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security hacking many netgear routers leak admin passwords' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd freebsd unauthenticated eapol-key decryption vulnerability 45671c0e-a652-11e8-805b-a4badb nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'webapps cybrotech cybrohttpserver 1.0.3 cross-site scripting exploitdb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'syaliza we re glad you re a fan how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1721-1 moderate poppler infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'libsandy 3 have you tried clearing browsing data gt settings gt clear browsing data 2 2' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome users get site isolation by default to ward off spectre attacks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft says summer s windows 10 upgrade fit for business' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'high glsa-201612-21 sqlite multiple vulnerabilities synopsis multiple vulnerabilities were found in sqlite t' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'today is your last chance to score cybermonday savings on linux foundation training a free t-shirt' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new vulnerability update bundling with adobe flash exposes windows and microsoft had more vulnerable infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4217-1 wireshark security update nessus plugin id 110318 with medium severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft windows cve-2018-0886 remote code execution vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sakefox hello there are you having any trouble with windows 10 during these issues we re here to help.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '. ibrahimatlinux explains how opensource compliance benefits users developers and integrators:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'linux hardening a 15-step checklist for a secure linux server networkworld' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday qnap qvr client 5.1.1.30070 password denial of service poc exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows zero-day found in task scheduler threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'emily_hussey hi emily have you tried the steps in the article to speed up chrome keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taking a stand against unofficial ubuntu images' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'greendumplingtv there are 2 versions of wordpress when using the open source installation you can upload themes a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 firefox vulnerabilities usn-3155-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infosec podcast sans internet storm center daily network security and information security podcast isc stor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'absamma we re so glad you think so what other windows features have you been enjoying lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami ant alas-2018-1047' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity visionary nir gaist announces expansion of nyotron into the us market' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shadowbrokers offers for sale the stolen nsa windows hacking shadowbrokers nsa windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt watermanreports fascinating stuff from oracle a geographic dashboard showing outages amp disruptions to global internet traffic.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update cobbler opensuse-2018-655' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'spooe_gaming we ve been here a while are you enjoying any new features in the windows 10 april 2018 update at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'macklinhogan we appreciate your kind words mack what features are standing out to you in your return to windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt alexandrinepdec fabulous new opportunity to come with privacyint as a policy officer 1 year maternity leave cover working primar' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'samuelknightpr1 got it have you tried the steps in the guide to help with the issue see fix problems with upd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'banking botnet profit share the experts at flashpoint say two separate banking botnets appear to have started a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'faxploit critical flaws potentially exposes millions of hp officejet printers to hack securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'amazon linux ami openssl alas-2018-1065 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'searchsecurity sql slammer worm makes comeback 14 years later tripwire' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 botan2 2018-98ab6b4e56 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 glibc cesa-2018:1879 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blxzes excellent is there a specific budget that you would like to stay in' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap hana cockpit cross site scripting vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jessciarcz i d love for us to look further into the for you can you contact us at help wordpress.com thanks' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'given that chrome is the most widely used browser in the world the impact can be significant for web pages that h' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt bleepincomputer protonmail ddos attacks are a case study of what happens when you mock attackers by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt c0mmand3ropsec full disclosure oracle- gt root privesc in oracle ohs used by fmw on linux when bound to privileged ports via orac' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows up to 2016 win32k privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new windows trojan spreads mirai malware to hack more iot devices thehackernews' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt blackhatevents avet is an antivirus evasion tool targeting windows machines and tested with kali 2 and tdm-gcc open-source tool d' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity public security minister wants 2500 new police officers by 2018 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec wordpress stop user enumeration 1.3.4 user enumeration' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress comments import amp amp amp export plugin 2.0.4 csv injectio 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft word 2007 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 xmlrpc elsa-2018-1780 nessus plugin id 110278 with high severity synopsis the remote oracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mini cms 1.1 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'djddueces thanks for the kind words are you seeing any error messages or codes when accessing the windows store' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'our highlights at velocityconf included the internetintel map launch showcasing our new oraclesecedge offerings' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1437-1 slurm-llnl security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mitchellclong which site are you working on plugins are a feature used on self hosted wordpress sites rather than' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla jomres 9.11.2 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fiestacasey hi there it seems you re using an older version of google chrome follow these steps to update it' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google microsoft tencent point out latest code execution bugs to hit adobe flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sucurilabs sqli flaw in the nextgen gallery plugin exposes at risk of hack more than 1 million wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chad_ramos pretty cool right have any other features in windows 10 caught your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we re proud to be recognized on cdp s 2016 climate a list sustainability proudtobeoracle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the issue potentially affected users of two modules within the broader marketing cloud offering the email studio a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt attackerman no words for the bales methodically massacred innocents' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'taking private browsing to the next level with brave and tor' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chrome extensions android and ios apps caught collecting browsing data an investigation by adguard an infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 buggy updates our patching is simple regular and consistent says microsoft' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'profplaysgames hi there could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian security advisory 4281-1 packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'passwords hacking jargon explained cybersecurity itsec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee labs threats predictions preview cyber threats for 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dos tor browser lt 0.3.2.10 use after free poc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'news fighting ransomware a fresh look at windows server approaches' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'schneier warns of perfect storm tech is becoming autonomous and security is garbage infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter na cve-2016-9678 use-after-free vulnerability in citrix' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ms17-010 security update for microsoft windows smb server 4013389 uncredentialed check' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hipsteryogi hi raj check out the article for steps on how to repair chrome if it crashes does that help' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'gentoo linux security advisory 201612-19 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.3 multiple cross site scripting vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'siteisolation will keep your most sensitive data safe from spectre attacks but it will also mean googlechrome n' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tens of thousands wordpress sites defaced seo spam to follow' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse 2018:1794-1 important redis infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2016-9191 the cgroup offline implementation in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 mishandles certain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leejackson345 hi lee have you tried the steps in the article to repair chrome if it crashes keep us posted.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows microsoftwindows .library-ms information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhsa-2017:0057-1 critical flash-plugin security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wpbeginner glossary what is a user role in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'coinhive raking in over 250 000 per month from in-browser cryptomining hitb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle java se cve-2016-5554 remote security vulnerability jre windows production relea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update spice opensuse-2017-228' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tamuelsomlinson that s amazing have any new features in windows 10 caught your eye we would love to hear your thoughts.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update imagemagick opensuse-2016-1413' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt zackwhittaker wow the story is bad signal and whatsapp didn t fail to protect michael cohen s messages his shitty opsec did.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ca common services casrvc privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update xen suse-su-2016:3044-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday clone script directory script 1.1.0 cid parameter sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln retired sap identity management cve-2018-2416 xml external entity injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday google chrome accessibility blink::node corruption exploit dos exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sanstampa 2018 keynote everything you ever learned about passwords is wrong by kpalmgren gain a more complete' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jbrownridge yeah that was terrible spin by elon it makes little to no sense.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wildlife crime european seizures and arrests in global operation thunderstorm infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shesblessedmuch you can clear your browser s cache and try again but the app is more suitable for editing your site on a mobile device.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress multisite post duplicator 0.9.5.1 plugin cross-site request forgery vulnera' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday microsoft internet explorer 11 mshtml cgenerated content::has generated svgmarker 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter flash exploit found in seven exploit kits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft releases new cumulative update for windows 10 1803 1709 and 1703' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jovinetv glad to hear you re enjoying the speed of windows 10 be sure to check out the latest features here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-4234-1 lava-server security update nessus plugin id 110666 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jumpstart your microsoft graph security api integration with the new javascript sample app' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google play apps infected with windows executable files' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jhamby we love your support jake which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web inspiration gallery script 1.0.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'web security firefox add-on is secretly collecting user s browser history' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-6414 a buffer overflow vulnerability in the web server of some hikvision ip cameras allows an attacker to' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dcaposupremo hi there were you able to successfully upgrade to windows 10 we d love to hear your thoughts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln apache tomcat cve-2016-6817 denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'highhatfilmpod as clearing the cache will delete the draft that s saved locally in your browser.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rosesofblue70 understood thanks for getting back to us we re always here if you have any questions about windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity in africa securing businesses with a local approach with global standards brookings cybersecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress pie register plugin amp amp lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to install a kubernetes cluster on centos 7 by techrepublic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iqy files used to evade av download malware via excel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter remote microsoft internet explorer jscript9 java script stack walker memory corruption ms15-05' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 ansible rhsa-2018:2166 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows 7 sp1 event viewer file information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wizbongre steve_lofthouse privacypros proceedgroup sap sapmentors except my official copy is on order ..' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dsa-3795-1 bind9 security update' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache httpd http 2 header processing lets remote users consume excessive memory resources' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'feralcode we re happy to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 6 libvirt cesa-2018:1929 nessus plugin id 110651 with medium severity synopsis the remote centos host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update dpdk-thunderxdpdk suse-su-2018:1492-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel local security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the ico is investigating hmrc s collection of five million callers voice ids big brother watch explains what you' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 16.04 lts linux vulnerability usn-3151-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'easy home alarmanlagen-set mas-s01-09 replay attack packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'isc stormcast for thursday august 2nd 2018 thu aug 2nd' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'exploitdb webapps wordpress plugin advanced order export for woocommerce lt 1.5.4 csv injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache zookeeper x lt 3.4.10 3.5.x lt 3.5.4 missing authentication remote quorum joining vulnerability nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the official tor browser for ios is free to use onion browser developer mike tigas tells ars he gave up infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln drupal javascript callback handler module multiple unspecified security vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security ms16-144 critical cumulative security update for internet explorer 3204059 version 1.0 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'post pagination how to split wordpress posts into multiple pages' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google chrome slowly ditching adobe flash by defaulting to html5 on most websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'freebsd samba multiple vulnerabilities c4e9a427-9fc2-11e8-802a-000c29a1e3ec nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 7 kernel rhsa-2018:1965 spectre nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thiagomatosx let us know if you have any questions about windows for us' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cms commander client plugin prior 2.22 on wordpress privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asherly hi ashley that s not good just to confirm have you tried the steps in the guide to help fix chrome cra' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update nagios-nrpe suse-su-2018:1768-1 logjam nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s iot play teach business apps and things to talk together there s lots of things out there and infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update mozillathunderbird opensuse-2017-188' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress membership simplified v1.58 plugin arbitrary file download exploit 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter java and python plagued by bug allowing attackers to avoid firewalls' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2017-6346 use after free local denial of service vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'infocon green isc stormcast for thursday february 2nd 2017 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security fully featured news cms 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google home chromecast leak location information the devices don t require authentication for infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'red hat security advisory 2018-2394-01 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows color management information disclosure cve-2017-0061' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'malicious code and the windows integrity mechanism' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'compromised javascript package caught stealing npm credentials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'arbo0y make sure to check out all the latest windows features here when was your first time using windows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'd-link eyeon baby monitor dcs-825l remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vu 962459 linux kernel tcp implementation vulnerable to denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln multiple f-secure windows endpoint protection products arbitrary code execution vulnerability multiple f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'highkeyjessica glad to hear it jessica what are you liking about windows 10 so far' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt subtee good read a universal windows bootkitan analysis of the mbr bootkit referred to as hdroot the blog is choc f' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday microsoft windows kernel win32k.sys amp 039 ntsetwindowlongptr amp 039 pr 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt kyork20 follow along excited for my new oracle oracleiaas column on networkworld cloud iaas' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'intel names window snyder as chief software security officer window intel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sagnavel hey there we re happy to hear it how is the rest of your windows experience going' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oracleiaas free webcast tomorrow have you registered yet faster insights with cloudera enterprise on oracle cloud infrast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vmware vsphere client xxe injection information disclosure vmsa-2016-0022 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security bugtraq security bulletin hpsbmu03685 rev.1 hpe insight control server provisionin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 18.04 lts linux linux-aws linux-azure linux-gcp linux-kvm linux-oem and usn-3740-1 fo nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq defensecode thunderscan sast advisory wordpress snazzy maps plugin multiple xss security vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security madlibs your iot electrical outlet can now pwn your smart tv mcafee finds new way to break infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle accused of defrauding investors on cloud sales growth' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel ipv6 implementation local integer overflow vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2941 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'shashi_ihsahs hmm let s try uninstalling and completely reinstalling google chrome upda' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tor project released an alpha version of the sandboxed tor tor hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'locatingstyle is the on that isn t a site but a self-hosted site using the wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln oracle mysql cve-2016-6663 unspecified security vulnerability bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thatbloodypinko what a blast from the past are you playing any other games on windows 10 at the moment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'remote code execution bug found in ubuntu quantal threatpost' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt pdp7 badgelife fun in the tuscany lobby during bsideslv with dc503 sao by office_deskjet and sndkttn with' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash zero-day exploit act now nakedsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-44 cvs heap-based overflow nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'password reset flaw at internet giant frontier allowed account takeovers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn wordpress with these six free or low-cost resources' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse is one of the older linux distros and has always been a strong player learn more from linux_spain:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'erikuma that s great to hear how long have you been a windows user' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter fedora 27 mingw-podofo 2018-2807317e7a nessus plugin id 110689 with high severity synopsis the re' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'scotty82 hi scott how are things running for you after the install we d love to hear what you think of windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'imagine a chromeos-style windows 10 oh wait there it is and it s called windows cloud microsoft infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter cve-2018-6496 remote cross-site request forgery csrf potential has been identified in ucmbd browser' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'busting the security myth should i use wordpress for my website helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'window snyder window joins intel as chief software security officer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hardening windows 10 with zeroday exploit mitigations' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3170-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jonny_falcon hey there is there something we can help you with we want you to enjoy your windows experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt switch_d wyden asks federal agencies to ditch adobe flash' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter dos microsoft internet explorer 9 mshtml celement::has flag memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter opensuse security update php5 opensuse-2016-1449' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dalerapp ai2ik federico_dv wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google has kicked ahoy the anti-censorship app from the chrome store a browser extension named ahoy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'annafunk that s amazing we would love to hear your first impressions of windows 10.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'in the keynote cyber visionary stuart mcclure explores the future ai vs ai to reveal a key strategy extend the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux kernel 2.6.22 amp lt 3.9 dirty cow ptrace_pokedata race condition poc wr 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'jaja__park that s an impressive amount of time thanks for being a loyal user are you using windows to work on' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ultimatepos 2.5 remote code execution packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'unodemones that s odd just to confirm have you tried these steps to help fix google chrome when it is not openin' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 jboss eap rhsa-2018:2423 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thenamesrev right on what have been your favorite changes or new features to windows over the years' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'offinalexam we appreciate your patience let s have you check out these recovery options in windows 10 here:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle s monster security update 270 fixes and over 100 remotely exploitable flaws oracle urges infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln wordpress dukapress plugin dukapress download.php sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles11 security update pam-modules suse-su-2018:1760-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chief engineer behanw is here to give you an introduction to linux kernel modules in our webinar coming up on aug' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle hyperion flaws let remote users access data on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel kernel ptrace.c local privilege escalation vulnerability linux enterprise' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'zdi-17-052 brocade network advisor climonitorreportservlet directory traversal information disclosure vulnerabili' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt oldpicsarchive 1950 s pinup model betty brosmer' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'top 10 most malware-infected us cities webroot revealed the top 10 most malware-infected us cities infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apriege hi there check out the article for tips on repairing chrome if it crashes let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft office 2013 execute code overflow memory corruption vulnerability microsoft office 2013 execute code o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'when hilary_louise or thebriandonohue do an interview for risky business it s excellent exposure but they still' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cloudflare data leakage doesn t reveal 1password secrets' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap solman information disclosure vulnerability sap solman information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'seagullmouse hmm could you confirm the version of chrome you re using to check type in chrome: version in the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter google patches dirty cow linux vulnerability in android seurity update most recent news vnu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash sale from only 59 pp sorry it s just 2good2btrue holiday and ticket fraud is big business for scammers a' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec urban communications sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln adobe flash player and air cve-2010-2214 unspecified memory corruption vulnerability adobe flash infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201807-02 passenger multiple vulnerabilities nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need a little docker help great list of top 100 tutorials' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'new pluralsight course modern browser security reports' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'warbler33 hi jane could you check here chrome: chrome amp confirm that you re using the latest version of chrome' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'configuring the windows firewall while the built-in windows firewall may offer adequate protection the infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'suse sles12 security update apache2 suse-su-2017:0801-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'joomla lt 3.8.9 local file inclusion with php 5.3 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday apache httpd web server 2.4.23 memory exhaustion vulnerability remote exploits vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity security officers end deadly karak castle siege infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'whatsapp mobile phishing s newest attack target darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mcafee calling bitfi un hackable may have been unwise but it was great marketing' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-5549 jdk jre' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'langsec the password quoted was not used on any other service.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icymi android apps infected with umm windows malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hackers breach millions of wordpress sites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'judge rejects mcafee injunction against intel' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress cryptographic security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln microsoft .net framework cve-2018-8284 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'userpro plugin for wordpress up_auto_log parameter remote authentication bypass nessus plugin id 110482 with high' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'anthonycastrio got it let s try disabling your chrome extensions one by one and see if it is working fine in norm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity the anz bank has hired the intelligence officer behind australia s cyber security strategy infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln flash seats for ios cve-2017-3190 ssl certificate validation security bypass vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sap hana 1.00.73.00.389160 remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter digital technologies must disappear in 2017 cloudexpo cloud artificialintelligence' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asjkhgfsjfg music to our ears which windows apps or features have been catching your eye lately' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'work doesn t stop and neither does our delllatitude 13 3000 2-in-1 which received an excellent review from crn:' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql multiple flaws let remote users access and gain elevated privileges remote authenticated and local users' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'debian dla-1404-1 lava-server security update nessus plugin id 110786 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'severe vulnerability in cisco s webex extension for chrome leaves pcs open to easy attack' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 17.10 18.04 lts mozjs52 vulnerabilities usn-3688-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chromecast and home speaker can leak location data to websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'learn how to use basic linux commands for moving and copying and more in the tutorial from linux_spain' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iqy files hidden in excel docs are being used to evade anti-virus download flawedammyy rat malware new researc' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'usbpcap 1.1.0.0 privilege escalation packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'got a docker question here s the first place you should go docker101 wiki' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'last chance to register to learn about the true cost of endpoint management with mbromileydfir tomorrow at 1 pm ea' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dailyhostnews simplepageuk nschaeferhoff wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 doubleagent zero-day hijacks microsoft tool to turn antivirus into malware' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity critical flaw in pricewaterhousecoopers sap security tool but pwc tries downplay it infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt d3p a new free internet intelligence map from oracle dyn allows users to review and identify traffic shifts and glob' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress jibu pro 1.7 cross site scripting wordpress jibu pro plugin version 1.7 suffers from a cross site' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter mozilla to kill firefox for windows xp vista in 2017' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows uniscribe usp10 buildfsm memory corruption' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'a bug in chrome gives bad actors license to play 20 questions with your private data in a 2013 infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter docker 1.11.2 forged vxlan packet service detection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'slackware security advisory mozilla-firefox updates packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersnort that s fantastic mark which features are you enjoying the most in windows 10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 17.10 18.04 lts tomcat7 tomcat8 vulnerabilities usn-3665-1 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-014 important security update for microsoft office 4013241 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter bugtraq tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken authentication cve-2018-12575 tp-link tl-wr841n v13 broken' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt makerswomen katespade was a visionary businesswoman designer amp fierce advocate for women s empowerment her legacy is that o' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft suspends buggy patch sap vulnerabilities vpn vulnerability test podcast security daily' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'leverage browser security features to secure your website' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt exploreoracle some of us like our coworkers so much we even coordinate our outfits lifeatoracle william w.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'asd corporate plan leads with people and culture the australian signals directorate hopes its broader infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 windows execute code vulnerability adobe flash player 11.2.202.632 windows execu' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sen wyden calls for the removal of flash player from federal sites computers scmagazine' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'atlassian crucible lt 4.3.2 oauth plugin iconuriservlet internal network resource disclosure csrf nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter business directory script admin edit_member.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome 52.0.2743.116 os x denial of service overflow vulnerability google chrome 52.0.2743.116 os x denia' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office goals' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'office 365 admins how to mitigate new attack that bypasses 2fa on windows systems' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'is your windows 10 8 pc falling off the net microsoft doesn t care embarrassed redmond keeps mum on infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter zdi-17-025 acrobat reader dc xfa field font size use-after-free remote code execution vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '_odisseus ossinformatica cve-2016-8655 a new 5-year-old flaw found in the linux linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3725-2 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft update servers left all azure rhel instances hackable patch proffered pen-tester paid infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to increase the maximum file upload size in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'diversity in the cybersecurity was on the agenda when we spoke with grantbourzikas ciso mcafee by' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congratulations ibm for inventing out-of-office email you win stupid patent of the month' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security webapps joomla component spider catalog lite 1.8.10 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-2940 adobe acrobat reader versions 15.020.20042 and earlier 15.006.30244 and earlier 11.0.18 and earlie' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2018-11681 default and unremovable support credentials user:nwk password:nwk2 allow attackers to gain total' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows atom tables code injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft blocks embedding settingcontent-ms files in office 365 docs microsoft has updated the list of infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'keithlovemovies thanks for trying all of that afraid i have no idea why it won t work in chrome in that case maybe try clearing the' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mirai bots cyber-blitz 1m german broadband routers and your isp could be next malware waltzes up to infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress prior to 4.7.1 cross site request forgery vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'how to enable custom permalinks in wordpress local server environment' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'euleros 2.0 sp3 shadow-utils euleros-sa-2018-1169 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq joomla com_sngevents component id parameter sql injection vulnerability com_sngevents compone' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'google chrome slowly ditching adobe flash by defaulting to html5 on most websites' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter ubuntu 12.04 lts 14.04 lts 16.04 lts 16.10 vim vulnerability usn-3139-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cybersecurity vuln linux kernel kvm emulate.c local information disclosure vulnerability infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'happy internationalwomensday libertymadison takes over cisco instagram today where she will broadcast' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sqlite 3.12.2 denial of service obtain information vulnerability 3.12.2 denial of service obtain informati' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday wordpress pie register plugin amp amp lt 3.0.9 blind sql injection vulnerability 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'chinese espionage group temp.periscope targets cambodia ahead of july 2018 elections and reveals broad operations g' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-7448 graphicsmagick leap opensuse' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday linux x86_64 execve bin sh shellcode 22 bytes shellcode 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2016-9084 drivers vfio pci vfio_pci_intrs.c in the linux kernel through 4.8.11 misuses the kzalloc function w' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows 7 10 server 2008 server 2008 r2 local session privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-5197 the content view client in google chrome prior the content view client in google chrome pr' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apache httpd up to 2.4.23 mod_http2 h2_stream.c denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt binitamshah smashing the stack into a reverse shell bypassing aslr on windows into a reverse shell https' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'discover jomo with binge-friendly tab management in microsoft edge windows10' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mrexcel 366 140 breached accounts' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sap netweaver abap remote authorization bypass vulnerability sap netweaver abap remote infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cve-2017-5970 the ipv4_pktinfo_prepare function in net ipv4 ip_sockglue.c in the linux kernel through 4.9.9 allows' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu 16.04 lts linux-hwe vulnerabilities usn-3752-2 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'opensuse security update tcpreplay opensuse-2016-1408' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter microsoft windows pop mov ss local privilege elevation topic microsoft windows pop mov ss local priv' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'blocking compromised passwords how and why to do it helpnetsecurity' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'adobe acrobat lt 15.006.30434 17.011.30096 18.011.20055 multiple vulnerabilities apsb18-29 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress insert html snippet 1.2 cross site request forgery packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'icheyne why not try the firefox built-in passwordmanager more info at use sync to sync across devices wb' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'na cve-2016-3685 sap download manager 2.1.142 and earlier sap download manager 2.1.142 and earlier generate' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tfw you re going to use some sweet computer vision library but it doesn t work so you end up doing manual data entry' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'psenough thanks for sending the crash reports the will helps us prioritize what to fix amp improve in chrome appreciate it.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nictorizer hi hassan what makes you say that we want you to have a great windows 10 experience.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter oracle weblogic server deserialization rce metasploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows kernel object memory handling flaw lets local users cause denial of service conditions on the target system' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'congrats to microsoft on adding click to play to office now maybe you ll consider renaming enable content' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'no honor among thieves crooks seek ransom for mongodb data someone else stole' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln sqlite cve-2015-6607 multiple local privilege escalation vulnerabilities bugtraq' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'sarahleeyoga hi sarah have a look at the guide to help fix chrome crashes let us know how it goes.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle linux 7 xmlrpc elsa-2018-1780' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'microsoft windows uniscribe information disclosure cve-2017-0112' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 librelp cesa-2018:1223' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vu 641765 linux kernel ip fragment re-assembly vulnerable to denial of service' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'security update for microsoft office auguest 2018 macos nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mozilla firefox javascript processing flaw lets remote users execute arbitrary code' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter 0daytoday tor browser torbrowser 0.3.2.10 use after free poc exploit dos exploits 0day' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday seig scada system 9 remote code execution exploit cve-2013-0657 remote exploits 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dating script 3.25 see_more_details.php id sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms17-017 important security update for windows kernel 4013081 version 1.0' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rgvagainsttrump please try clearing your browser cache let us know if that helps.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'securing microsoft s edge browser with windows defender application guard windows defender application infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'safcakes ah gotcha have you been using windows 10 to work on any cool projects' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle warns of cve-2018-3110 critical vulnerability in oracle database product patch it now last week infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt josephfcox new signal has a quite nasty bug which ended up in disappearing messages not disappearing we verified with mul' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter suse sles11 security update kernel suse-su-2017:0494-1' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'dod looks to the cloud for browser security darkreading' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'philiplederer wordpress howdy you ll find a few notable podcasts using in our recent blo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ms16-154 security update for adobe flash player 3209498 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter shellcode linux x86 reverse tcp ::ffff:192.168.1.5:4444 tcp shell bin sh null-free ipv6 s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows x86 protect process shellcode packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuze bittorrent client 5.7.6.0 ssdp processing xml injection packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'nettiboopadoop thanks for sharing your feedback with us your thoughts and suggestions allow us to make windows even better.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the latest linux webserver security thanks to dailyhostnews nimsrules ingressnginx wordpress security' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln wordpress image gallery plugin html injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 poppler 2018-26fcc67bfd nessus plugin id 110300 with high severity synopsis the remote fedora host' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'pivotal software spring data jpa 1.9.4 execute code sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'the fileless threat cactustorch can execute custom shell code on windows more on its rapid growth and the growi' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'need to find and replace text quickly in a document check out sed a command in linux' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'centos 7 kernel cesa-2018:1318' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tanzim31 hi there looks great which other features in windows 10 help you stay organized' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'flash player bug an eavesdropper s delight details have surfaced on another patched flash player flaw infosec' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security vuln openstack oslo.middleware cve-2017-2592 information disclosure vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'iseccon 2018 call for papers packetstorm' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln linux kernel cve-2016-4578 multiple local information disclosure vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt securityholmes java exploiting your unreachable jrmp rmi jmx endpoints cve-2018-2800' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security shellcode linux multi dual mode reverse shell shellcode 129 bytes' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter vuln adobe flash player type confusion multiple remote code execution vulnerabilities' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'ubuntu security notice usn-3672-1 advisory' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'an implementation bug in zerocoin helped hackers steal zcoins worth 585 000 securityaffairs' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt csaresearchguy had a great visit from cloudsa member redcore ceo ben chen at our seattle office today great to hear about the s' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'glsa-201701-74 libpng remote execution of arbitrary code nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'windows 10 computer systems help mitigate zero-day exploits' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'trump might ask putin to extradite the 12 russian intelligence officers' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'java se mission control insecure transport man-in-the-middle' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'fedora 27 visualboyadvance-m 2018-e92359c3b8 nessus plugin id 111017 with high severity synopsis the remote' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'we believe that upgrades should happen at the speed of you introducing oraclesoar the world s first automated en' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'cyber infosec joomla com_product 2.2 sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'phpmyadmin up to 4.6.4 4.4.15.8 4.0.10.17 username handler sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'wordpress design by imagemanager plugin remote file upload vulnerability topic wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'mysql enterprise monitor 3.4.x lt 3.4.8 4.0.x lt 4.0.5 8.0.x lt 8.0.1 multiple vulnerabilities july 20 nessus' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'paging altonbrown can we get a verdict on the avionic rendition of a deconstructed cheeseburger please' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'hacking wifi password in a few steps using a new attack on hacking' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence '0daytoday wordpress gift voucher 1.0.5 plugin template_id sql injection vulnerability 0day exploit' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'tell us in a paragraph a sentence or a word what you think a cybersecurity and privacy certification should loo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'beginner s guide on how to add a link in wordpress' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 5 kernel rhsa-2017:0347' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vuln ibm bigfix remote control cve-2016-2950 unspecified sql injection vulnerability' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'brollbrandon hi we have our dellcarespro experts who will be glad to help you further mj' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'vulnerability security kb affiliate referral php script 1.0 sql injection' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'thegrugq tiraniddo pwnallthethings true story you can disable flash in office with a simple registry fix whic' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt danwoodsearly amit yoran ayoran ceo of tenablesecurity explains why cybersecurity needs more operational' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'bugtraq security cve-2016-8745 apache tomcat information disclosure' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter apache openoffice prior 4.1.3 search path handler privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'apsb17-01 adobe acrobat reader type confusion remote code execution' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'medium cve-2017-5011 google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 for windows google chrome prior to 56.0.2924.76 fo' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt anomali teddy powers of anomali teaching the good word of intelligence-driven response at sansinstitute sansfire 2018.' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'threatmeter rhel 6 samba rhsa-2018:1860' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'oracle e-business suite up to 12.2.6 one-to-one fulfillment privilege escalation' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rhel 6 kernel rhsa-2018:2164 spectre nessus plugin id 111001 with high severity synopsis the remote red hat' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
Is the sentence 'rt _odisseus torbrowser firefox uaf use-after-free fbi s exploit code here reported cwe n a cve n a local no' related to cyber security? Just answer yes or no.
